---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/464/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/464/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/464/2/"
---


It seemed Kevin knew a lot. I looked at his reflection in the mirror and said, "Tell me about him, and I'll buy a Gold Card here."

Kevin's eyes instantly lit up. He grinned at me.

 "Sis, are you also interested in Tony? We have tons of clients who are!"

Kevin started talking. 

"Tony is handsome, charming, and he has the most clients. Not just a lot, but they’re all wealthy women, driving fancy cars!" Kevin continued to chat as he cut my hair.

Apparently, Jake only served clients in the VIP section. 

To get into that room, you had to have spent at least ten thousand dollars at the salon.

"That much?" I exclaimed, surprised.

Kevin seemed unfazed. He took a strand of my hair, snipped it, and continued, "Our Tony is worth it! Who can blame him for being so skilled?"

 His tone was dripping with envy. I looked at Kevin. He wasn't bad-looking himself, and he was younger than Jake. 

Logically, why wouldn't those rich women choose him?

I asked curiously, "You're pretty handsome too. Rich women should like your type."

Kevin paused for a moment, then burst into a happy laugh. 

"Sis, you're too kind!" He put down his scissors and leaned in close, whispering, "Tony has his own methods. He knows how to make those rich women willingly open their wallets for him."

I looked at him, shaking my head, curious.

Kevin sighed, speaking as if he were disappointed in Jake. "It's pickup artistry, you know? I heard he's a master at it. No feelings involved. If they're pretty, he uses them for sex. If they're rich, he bleeds them dry."

Just then, I heard someone shouting at the entrance, "I *have* to see Tony! I know he's here! No one else will do!" The girl stood at the reception, hands on her hips, yelling loudly. No one around moved; everyone just kept busy with their work.

I was shocked. I pointed at the girl. "Hey, aren't you going to do something?"

Kevin shushed me. "We see this all the time. Someone always comes looking for Tony after a while."

I looked back at the girl. Her face was flushed with anger. 

No matter how much she yelled, no one paid her any mind. 

Finally, Chloe, the green-haired receptionist, couldn’t take it anymore and shouted back, "Ma'am, if you really want Tony to style your hair, I can make an appointment for you."

The girl immediately started spewing insults.

 "Book my ass! You have no idea what my relationship with him is!" She tossed her head and waved her finger.

 "I'm telling you, we slept together yesterday! What, he just uses women and tosses them aside now?"

Kevin snickered when he heard that. But I couldn't find anything to laugh about.

 All I could think was: *Jake cheated. My husband cheated.* I sat there, watching the girl scream, unable to process anything.

As I sat there in a daze, Jake emerged from the VIP room. 

The girl, seeing him, instantly changed her demeanor. 

She scurried over to Jake, calling out sweetly, "Darling, I've been looking for you all day! Why did you take so long?"

Jake’s face was cold as he stared at her. "This is my workplace. What are you doing, making such a scene?"

The girl, who had just been so belligerent, instantly fell silent. She hung her head, standing before Jake, docile as a kitten.