---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/293/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/293/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/293/2/"
---


I wanted my money back, but the woman instantly turned cold, even looking at me with frost in her eyes.

"Adam, when did you become so unreasonable?"

"The child is sick! Is a living person's life worth less than a watch in your eyes?"

The accusations fell, and I couldn't help but be stunned, barely able to hold back the sourness in my nose.

My chest was wracked with pain, making me clench my fist hanging in my sleeve.

Seeing this, Jack quickly pulled the woman away: "Mrs. Olivia and Mr. Adam, please talk it over."

He spoke, stepping forward to grab me, seemingly trying to mediate.

But the words that reached my ears were: "How does "How does it feel to know your wife made you a fake marriage certificate?"

"Oh right, you don't know yet, but the reason you couldn't keep your children was because I had Olivia give you 'protective charms' that actually contained drugs I specially prepared..."

"No matter what, you would never be able to keep a child."

He laughed, his words stabbing into my heart like a steel knife, almost making me lose my reason.

Thinking of the few children we had lost over the years, anger and grief surged in my heart.

Seeing me angry, Jack raised my hand and hit himself in the face, whispering: "Guess who she'll side with?"

Before I could react, the woman protected Jack, and a sharp gust of wind came at my face.

Seeing this, I couldn't help but laugh coldly. The woman instantly came to her senses, her hand frozen in mid-air.

[Not going to hit me?]

I silently asked, and in response to her complex gaze, I raised my hand and slapped Jack hard across the face.

Then, without hesitation, I turned and left with Aunt Susan, returning to the old Fu family home where I was the only descendant left.

Seeing me leave, Jack touched his face pitifully: "Brother-in-law, how can you be so unreasonable..."

He cried, and Olivia's expression also turned cold, even abandoning the idea of chasing after me.

She wanted to give me the cold shoulder for a couple days, not knowing that that very night I sent a text message to the staff in charge of the husband selection banquet, smiling bitterly.

[I don't have 100 million, so I'm willing to marry the city princess.]

Hearing this, the staff members breathed sighs of relief one after another.

They had taken too many bribes and were worried about having only me left as an unmarried man.

Now that I was willing to become the city princess's husband, they were happy.

So they enthusiastically notified me to wait to be picked up by car in three days.

After they left, Aunt Susan also understood everything.

Looking at the forged marriage certificate, she angrily cursed: "How could Olivia do this to our young master!"

"I'm going to give her a piece of my mind!"

"I can't just stand by and watch our young master marry a Ning family princess with no future!"

She was furious, her eyes red.

But I stopped Aunt Susan, smiling and shaking my head.

[I don't want to have anything to do with Olivia anymore.]

[It doesn't matter who I marry now.]

...

The next day, the wedding clothes were delivered.

And when I went to pick up the wedding clothes, I saw Olivia sending the child to school together with Jack.

With her back to the sun, I heard Olivia tell the kindergarten principal: they were a family of three.

I couldn't help but touch my chest, but thankfully, it didn't hurt anymore.

So I turned to leave, but an hour later I saw her.

"Why was someone delivering wedding clothes here? Is it the rich old man who's been pursuing Aunt Susan coming to propose?"

She asked, clearly misunderstanding.

But I didn't explain, just coldly shut her out.

Seeing this, she left with a dark expression.

Three days later, she came to make up with me.

But when she saw Aunt Susan standing next to the wedding car, she couldn't help but frown, her heart involuntarily panicking.

"Aunt Susan, what are you doing here? Who's inside the wedding car?"

