---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 5"
novel_index: "/novels/312/"
chapter_number: 5
next_chapter: "/novels/312/6/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/312/4/"
---


When he first went to college, that was the most carefree time of our lives.

We did all the things couples in love do.

Sweet gestures, thoughtful gifts, exciting surprises.

Every day was a new adventure.

But the turning point came because of that.

He was handsome, and had a charming personality.

When he first started college, lots of girls loved chatting with him.

He’d smile and chat right back.

Boundaries between men and women—he just couldn’t grasp them.

I’d walked in on them a few times, and we argued about it countless times. But it always ended with me heartbroken and him feeling misunderstood.

Liam didn't understand why I got so angry over him just talking to someone.

And I didn’t understand why he couldn't keep his distance from other people.

Too many petty arguments can really damage a relationship.

We started constantly breaking up and making up, and eventually, we were both exhausted from the drama.

Liam couldn’t take it anymore and initiated the breakup.

He chose to study abroad.

I, too, grew rapidly during those years, becoming the professional woman I’d always aspired to be.

And it was then that Liam came back.

He came back with an engagement ring.

...

My silence stretched on.

Arthur finally let go of my hand, letting out a silent sigh.

"I’m giving you three days off. Take some time to think things through."

Snapping out of my reverie, I nodded wearily.

"Okay."

