---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/7/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/7/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

Laura's heart disease suddenly got worse. The doctor called me in a hurry and said that a suitable heart donor that matched her had been found.
I cried and begged the doctor to give me more time to raise the money, but all the money in our family was with Scott.
I called him several times, and he hung up on me again and again.
When I finally managed to get the call through, he roared impatiently, "Angela! I'm talking about cooperation with the investor! Can you stop bothering me?"
As soon as he finished speaking, he hung up the phone.
In a desperate situation, I could only clutch that advertisement for selling a kidney on the utility pole.
Just coming out of that small clinic, I didn't care about the wound on my waist that was still bleeding, and I stumbled back to the hospital.
After signing my name on the operation consent form, I finally felt at ease.
Laura looked at me with tears and said, "Mom, is my illness never going to get better? Don't spend any more money on me..."
I stroked her pale face and comforted her, "Don't worry. I've raised the money. You'll get better right after the operation tomorrow!"
But thinking of the huge debts Scott owed, the medical expenses and the money for nutritional supplements after Laura's operation, I endured the sharp pain of the wound on my waist and went to the housekeeping company to do the cleaning job again.
I could earn one hundred dollars for doing a cleaning job, and then I could buy some nutritional products for them at night.
I was working in the wealthy villa area, and maybe I could get more tips.
When I got to the door of the villa, there was still a bit of hope in my heart.
But when I saw that couple photo with dazzling crystals on the bedside table, I froze.
In the photo, Scott was dressed in a suit, wearing an expensive watch that I had never seen before. He was so different from the husband I remembered, who claimed to be bankrupt and lived a thrifty life.
The beautiful woman snuggling closely beside him was exactly the investor he had mentioned every day, Sarah Jensen!
The mop in my hand dropped to the ground.
I took out my phone with trembling hands. The screensaver of my phone was a photo of him and me smiling.
I thought, "Could he have a twin brother?"
But I quickly dismissed this absurd idea. I was too familiar with that small mole at the corner of his eye in the photo.
I stood there stiffly, not even having the courage to call and question him.
My colleague pushed me and said, "Angela, what are you doing? The house owner, Ms. Jensen, will come to check soon!"
I quickly pulled up my mask and covered my face with the brim of my hat, only daring to look around with the corner of my eyes.
Scott walked in confidently, wearing a neat and high-class suit with one hand in his pocket.
My eyes were bloodshot. I forced myself to start mopping the floor. When I was cleaning the living room, my fingertips hooked out a small ball of used tissue from the gap in the sofa. It was stained with glaring lipstick marks, and there were also several obviously used condoms beside it.
Feeling a sharp pain in my chest, I forced myself to hold back my nausea and threw those dirty things into the trash can.
My colleague leaned over and whispered with a sigh, "Rich people know how to have fun! Mr. Moore is so generous that he must have spoiled Ms. Jensen!"
Another colleague said, "Yeah. He's rich and handsome. Ms. Jensen is lucky!"
Those harsh words cut into my heart like knives. I covered my mouth tightly to keep myself from vomiting.
"Scott, I've brought Kelly back." Sarah walked in holding the hand of a pretty little girl.
Sarah's niece smiled and jumped into Scott's arms, saying, "Mr. Moore! My aunt said we're going to have a big dinner tonight!"
He stroked Kelly's head affectionately and said, "I've booked an entire cruise ship tonight. Kelly, you will like it!"
Sarah giggled and leaned close to Scott, standing on tiptoe and saying, "Honey, where's my kiss for greeting today?"
He smiled and kissed her on the lips, asking, "Didn't I satisfy you yesterday?"