---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/7/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/7/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/7/1/"
---

Sarah playfully punched Scott's chest, looking a bit shy.
When he saw that the villa had been tidied up, he waved at me and stuffed a thick stack of banknotes into my hand, not even glancing at me.
Holding this tip of nearly ten thousand dollars, I was stunned.
The money he gave so casually was enough for me to work hard for a whole month.
The money he spent on booking that cruise ship was enough to pay for Laura's heart transplant.
Seeing me standing there without moving, Sarah looked at my old, pilling and faded clothes with contempt and said, "Bumpkin, leave here. Do you think this tip is too little?"
Her mockery made my heart ache, and I felt like crying.
But Scott looked at me in surprise and said, "Why are you..."
I was surprised and was afraid that he would call out my name the next second.
"There's blood on your clothes. It's so disgusting. Don't scare Kelly." As he said this, he looked away in disgust and pulled them upstairs.
I smiled bitterly. My wound had opened up, staining a large patch of my white clothes red.
Sarah, who was standing beside him, was tall and beautiful, wearing an exquisite suit, while I was like a clown, clutching the tip he had given me in a sorry state.
I thought we were husband and wife who shared both good and bad times, but he had turned into a rich president.
My efforts over the past few years must be just a joke in his eyes.
My colleague handed me an envelope out of a bit of curiosity and said, "Do you know Ms. Jensen before? She asked me to give this to you."
I frowned and took it.
I found an acquaintance in a nearby grocery store and borrowed the computer in the store. I inserted the USB drive in the envelope into the computer.
Dozens of videos immediately popped up on the screen. There were videos of Sarah and Scott celebrating Kelly's birthday.
In front of them was a huge cake that was over a dozen layers high, and beside it were piled up expensive toys that Laura had always dreamed of having.
Scott accompanied them to the parent-child sports meeting in the kindergarten, with a big smile on his face.
His laughter mixed with Kelly's sweet laughter. This warm and happy scene made my heart ache.
They were wearing matching family outfits, looking like a happy family.
I stared blankly at the screen until the last video popped up. Scott was lying naked in Sarah's arms and said, "How is Laura? When are you going to let her return to the Moore family? I'm tired of testing them for seven years. It's all your fault for making that bet with me in the first place. That bumpkin's daughter is still waiting for a heart transplant. If we bring her back now and she sees our family's wealth and power, she will be jealous."
It seemed as if Laura wasn't his daughter at all.
The way he talked about Laura made my heart ache so much that I could hardly breathe.
He knew she was waiting for help. He could find the best doctors, easily afford the operation fees, and even find a suitable heart, but he chose to do nothing.
He was just so heartless, watching me risk my life to earn money and watching Laura suffer from the illness.
Scott and I met in an orphanage.
I was an orphan. After growing up, I often went back to visit the director and those children. That was where I met Scott, who came to be a volunteer.
He said he was also an orphan and wanted to help the children have a better life.
We got to know each other, fell in love, and finally got married.
Because I refused to accept those unspoken rules and offended a big boss, I was blacklisted by the whole industry. I could only do odd jobs, and our life became tough.
Scott had always accompanied me through those hard times and never complained until the year Laura was born, when Scott said he had failed in an investment, gone bankrupt, and owed debts.
I sold my house to pay off his debts. We moved into a shabby shed in the suburbs.
At that time, Scott held me and cried, vowing to be good to me and Laura for the rest of his life.
But in the end, he didn't keep his promise.