---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/534/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/534/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/534/1/"
---


Two miles away at a private hospital.

I stood in the shadows of the hallway, silently watching the direction of a patient room.

The girl staying there was named Olivia.

If it weren't for protecting her, Ethan wouldn't have been stabbed seven times by that crazed attacker.

At this moment, Olivia was crying to a group of reporters.

"Lucas didn't mean to do it, we were just m

"That police officer went too far. He pretended to break up the fight, but actually actually took the chance to grope me."

"Lucas told him to stop but he got even worse, so Lucas...I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry. Lucas never meant to hurt anyone, he just loves me too much."

...

Olivia's testimony was quickly corroborated by several alleged eyewitnesses:

"That cop really did take the chance to grab the girl's hand and touch her chest."

"We were all stunned. Who would've thought a police officer would do something like that?"

"The cop definitely threw the first punch. The other guy only pulled out the knife when he got desperate. I saw it clearly, no mistake."

People had been skeptical of the girl's story at first, but now with witnesses it became much more believable.

And conveniently, the security cameras at the scene had malfunctioned that day.

Public opinion quickly turned angry:

"How is it possible the the cameras just happened to break that day?"

"I bet the police are just too ashamed to release the footage."

"You had such a scumbag in your ranks and you're trying to save face?"

...

I closed my phone and lay down on the bed.

In my mind I saw Ethan on the day he changed his college application to the police academy. In the sunlight, the young man in a white shirt looked at me with a serious expression.

"Rachel, justice has always been absent in your life."

"So...I want to try to become that justice for you."

What a fool he was.

He had always been trying his hardest to transform me, a lunatic, into a warm and happy normal person.

"Looks like it's a good thing he didn't succeed," I said with a smile to Ethan in the photo.

I took off my hospital gown and threw it in the trash as I walked out of the room.

Outside was an endless sea of darkness.

Perfect.

They had extinguished the only light in my life.

Little did they know, darkness was my home turf.

0