---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/121/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/121/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

My body was discovered in an abandoned building. Construction workers, unable to stop vomiting, called the police. My parents rushed from Nora's celebration to the crime scene. The forensic specialist frowned, signaling them to put on masks. Dad, a top detective, and Mom, the best forensic pathologist in the city, had seen many crime scenes, but even they were shaken when they saw the body.

In the sweltering summer heat, the body had swelled like a giant. The face was smashed beyond recognition, making identification impossible. Covered in bruises, the head was barely attached to the neck. The severely decomposed body emitted a nauseating stench. Mom closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and put on gloves to begin the preliminary examination. Her eyes showed a pity that I had never received from her in life.

I watched uneasily as she removed the blood-stained ring from my hand. I had made identical rings for my family, but because it didn't fit Nora, my parents had scolded me.

"All you do is cause trouble, deliberately picking on your sister!"

"Lydia, even though you are our biological daughter, Nora has been with us for eighteen years. She will always be more important than you!"

Even though their angry words still echoed in my ears, I believed my parents still loved me. Surely, they would recognize the gift I gave them! But Mom just unemotionally signaled her assistant to put the ring into an evidence bag.

I shouldn't have expected anything. In my parents' hearts, I never existed, even though I am their biological daughter. My brother said our parents adopted Nora because they couldn't find me after I was taken. They still loved me the most. But when I returned home, there was no place for me anymore. I felt like an intruder.

After examining the crime scene, Dad sighed and asked Mom, "What's the situation with this body?"

Mom took off her gloves, rubbing her furrowed brow, "The deceased is estimated to be around 20 years old. Preliminary cause of death is a throat cut, after prolonged torture."

"The method is extremely cruel, and the social impact is severe. We need to solve the case quickly before public opinion escalates." My dad lit a cigarette, taking a deep drag as if he was troubled. Even in death, I seemed to be causing more trouble for my parents.

The forensic specialist reminded, "The killer hasn't been caught. Remind your family to be careful. You have two girls at home; don't let them go out at night."

Mom said impatiently, "Nora is always obedient, but I can't control Lydia."

The forensic specialist, an old classmate of my parents, naturally knew our family's situation. Dad was rubbing his right shoulder. The forensic specialist noticed and asked, "Old Lin, is your shoulder acting up again?"

Dad waved it off, "It's nothing, just using the patch Lydia bought..."

Saying this, he froze. The so-called disobedient daughter cared deeply for their health. The forensic specialist patted Dad on the back, "Be kinder to Lydia. After all, she's your biological daughter."

Dad shook his head, "The other day, Nora's tennis match was coming up, and she kept asking Lydia to watch. But she didn't even answer her phone. Nora was so disappointed she only got third place."

"Lydia hasn't been home for days. Who knows if she's dead somewhere? It's not the same raising someone else's child."

Listening to my parents' accusations, I felt like I was plunged into an icy cave.

Mom and Dad, it's not that I don't want to come home. I just can't anymore. The ungrateful child you speak of died the day you accompanied Nora to her tennis match. My body is right in front of you.