---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/19/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/19/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/19/1/"
---

For the sake of giving the child a complete family, I eventually softened my stance.
I didn't delve into their wrongdoings, focusing on my work instead.
In the two years of marriage with Jasper, my mother-in-law never urged us to have children, so I thought she was understanding and cared for her deeply.
I never thought that once I got pregnant, she'd show such a different side, making it unbearable.
Fortunately, Jasper was still clear-headed, always standing by me.
But I didn't expect that I was still wrong.
Pregnant women get hungry easily, so Jasper learned a few of my favorite dishes from a chef and made nourishing soup for me every day.
One night, after dinner, I got hungry again.
Jasper brought a bowl of soup to the bedroom as usual. I drank it without suspecting anything.
Soon after, I felt sleepy and went to bed early.
In the middle of the night, I woke up thirsty.
The other side of the bed was empty. Jasper still wasn't sleeping this late?
I put on my shoes, planning to go to the kitchen for water.
Unexpectedly, as soon as I stepped out of the bedroom, the sounds from the sister-in-law's room stopped me in my tracks.
Their door was wide open, and I saw Jasper and the sister-in-law in a compromising embrace.
I swayed, ready to confront them, when I overheard their malicious conversation.
"Jasper, I thought you had forgotten about me."
"How could I? You were my first. Nora Thompson can't compare to you."
"Stop it. Don't forget about us, Little Rain still doesn't have a father. If not for you, why would I agree to a posthumous marriage with your deceased brother?"
"I feel for you, Adeline. Little Rain is my son, I won't mistreat him."
"Who believes you? That woman is pregnant with your child."
"Don't worry about that. Her child won't be born. At the hospital, I'm her husband. If I don't sign, who dares to deliver her baby? Childbirth is like walking through death's door. One wrong move, and it's all over..."
"Then, won't her house, car, and savings all be mine?"
These words struck me like a lightning bolt, destroying any hope I had left.
Jasper, how dare he!?
I wanted to barge in and expose their scheme, but I held back.
Now wasn't the time; there was no evidence.
I clenched my fists, desperately suppressing my emotions.
I don't know how I got back to the bedroom last night.
When I woke up the next day, the bed was still empty.
I got up and went to the kitchen, finding Jasper there.
Watching him busily preparing breakfast, I couldn't help but gag.
"What's wrong, Nora? Feeling unwell? Are you too tired?"
"Why not take a break from work today, rest for a few days."
His caring words came one after another, leaving me unable to distinguish which was the real him.
Was the man in the sister-in-law's room last night really this seemingly devoted man?
The vile plots and sickening sweet talk were warning me not to be deceived by the high-acting man before me.