---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/112/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/112/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/112/2/"
---

With my mother-in-law no longer causing trouble, Hugo decided to stir things up. During dinner, he suggested going with Ethan to Crimson Lake. He's not concerned about Ethan's safety. His reason for wanting to go is Fiona.

Fiona is his junior colleague at the ship manufacturing plant.

Although they refer to each other as "senior" and "junior," their relationship has long exceeded those bounds. Whenever Hugo goes on a business trip, he buys the same local specialties for Fiona as he does for our family.

When I asked him to bring me cosmetics, he even asked Fiona if she needed any. Even when Ethan broke his leg climbing and was in the operating room, he was worried about Fiona's menstrual cramps. Hugo thinks I don't know these things. But someone has already shown me their chat logs. Fiona can't wait for me to file for divorce so she can officially be with her senior.

Since she's so eager, let them accompany Ethan to their demise. "I guess your dad's department is organizing a team-building trip.

You can show them around, and once there, you can explore separately." Before Ethan could object, I quickly came up with a plan for them. This way, Hugo can openly take Fiona along.

Ethan won't resist too much either. "Mom's at an age where she should also go with Hugo to see the world." My mother-in-law, worried, naturally didn't refuse when she heard this. The only one unwilling was Ethan.

He still bore a grudge over my mother-in-law's previous meddling. "Son, you'll have to take care of dad and grandma. It's hard work. I'll transfer another ten thousand yuan to you." At the mention of money, Ethan's displeasure vanished instantly. He even promised to take good care of his dad and grandma. I took my mother-in-law to get passports and visas, counting down the days, hoping they'd leave soon.