---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 5"
novel_index: "/novels/112/"
chapter_number: 5
next_chapter: "/novels/112/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/112/4/"
---

Landon got drunk and came demanding to take Cora back. Cora didn't dare go out. My mother-in-law pushed me out the door. This suited my plan. I was afraid Landon would take Cora away, preventing her from going to Cyprus.

Landon's tantrums depend on the person. He only yells at Cora. In front of others, he's a perfect gentleman. "Landon, Ethan is going on a trip, and Cora wants to go too.

Don't worry, the whole family will be there, Cora won't act up."

"Is mom going too?" "Yes." Hearing my mother-in-law would be there, Landon felt at ease. He knew his good mother-in-law would surely persuade his wife to reconcile with him.

I easily put Landon into a taxi and sent him home. After dealing with Landon, I opened the door to see Cora with a pale face. Not from being scared by Landon. But because she secretly used my cosmetics.

Since her affair, Landon controlled her allowance, forbidding her from buying nice clothes or using any cosmetics. In the past life, after I died, she gleefully rushed into my room, taking all my cosmetics and jewelry.

Tonight, thinking she should dress up for the trip, she acted early.

He was certain that his mother-in-law would persuade her daughter to make up with him.

I easily got Landon into a taxi and sent him home.

After dealing with Landon, I opened the door to find Cora with a ghostly pale face.

It wasn't Landon who scared her.

She had used my cosmetics in secret.

Since she had been unfaithful, Landon controlled her allowance, forbidding her from buying nice clothes or using any cosmetics.