---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/569/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/569/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/569/2/"
---


The next two days, I was constantly on the move.

One evening, when I came home to grab some documents,

as soon as I opened the door, I saw a frantic Julian Thorne.

Seeing us return, he immediately rushed over.

"Scarlett, where have you been these past two days! Why couldn't I reach you? Do you know how worried I was?!"

He then leaned down to the baby.

"Baby, you have to help Daddy scold your mom. Daddy was so worried he almost called the police!"

Looking at him,

I felt a wave of dizziness.

It used to be like this. If I disappeared for more than half an hour, Julian would go crazy with worry.

Others used to tease him, called him 'Mr. Devoted' because he was so obsessed with me.

But back then, I only felt fortunate,

grateful that I had found someone who truly cared about me.

But now…

Thinking of Seraphina and her son, my eyes dimmed.

Turns out, the 'wife-obsessed' guy who doted on his wife,

could also just be putting on an act.

Julian Thorne loved me, I believed that,

but his love wasn't exclusive to me.

At that thought, my heart felt like it was being squeezed by an invisible hand,

a sharp pain.

It took a long time to calm down before I spoke.

"I just went out for a walk. It was nothing big, so I didn't tell you."

Julian Thorne finally sighed in relief.

"Good that it's nothing serious. Just don't make me worry like that again next time."

He skillfully took the baby from my arms.

"Baby, did you not eat enough with Mommy outside these past few days? You look so thin."

"Wait here, Daddy’s going to make you some formula."

As he spoke, he expertly started boiling water and preparing the formula.

I stood to the side, quietly watching everything unfold.

Seven years of trying to conceive,

I had imagined this scene countless times,

it had sustained me through one breakdown after another.

Now, it was truly happening right in front of me,

but,

how much sincerity was actually in it, even I couldn't tell anymore.

"Ringtone—"

A frantic phone ring broke my thoughts.

I glanced at the caller ID,

Julian Thorne’s expression instantly turned anxious,

his hand shook,

and the freshly made boiling hot formula splashed onto the baby.

The baby immediately burst into tears.

But Julian Thorne didn't immediately check the baby's injury. He just casually handed the baby back to me,

then quickly walked to the balcony with his phone.

After a long while, he came out.

"I'm sorry, Scarlett, something came up with the company project. I have to go deal with it right away."

Then he perfunctorily kissed the baby’s face.

"Baby, let Mommy help you with that. Daddy has to go now."

With that, he hurriedly left.

He didn't notice my livid face,

nor did he notice the obvious burn on the baby's skin.

And I had seen the caller ID clearly just now.

It was saved as "Seraphina."

