---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/569/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/569/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/569/3/"
---


But now, I had no energy to dwell on any of it.

Seeing the burn on the baby's skin,

I quickly hailed a cab to the hospital.

After getting the wound treated, as I was preparing to go home,

a familiar figure caught my attention.

It was Julian Thorne.

His expression was serious and focused, and the hospital's medical team was explaining something to him.

Passing medical staff whispered to each other:

"I heard Mr. Thorne’s son just had a slight cough, and he worriedly brought in all the specialists from the city, and even booked an entire VIP floor."

"Looking at how worried Mr. Thorne is, you can tell he's a good dad and a good husband at home."

"I'm so envious. If only I could marry such a family-oriented husband in this lifetime."

…

I gripped my hands tightly,

my nails digging into my palms, drawing faint traces of blood,

but I felt no pain whatsoever.

Only a bone-deep chill.

Family-oriented? Good dad? Good husband?

How utterly laughable.

They probably didn't know,

Julian Thorne’s 'family-oriented' meant the home he built with a bar hostess,

and my child's burn was completely ignored by him,

this so-called 'good dad' was a good dad to the son he had with someone else!

Just then, Seraphina Cross walked out of the ward,

her eyes tearful, and she linked her arm through Julian’s.

"Mr. Thorne, thank goodness you were here today, otherwise I wouldn't have known what to do."

"It's just that, with this delay, you won't have time to go back and accompany Sister Scarlett again…"

"And she has that kind of personality, she'll definitely throw a tantrum again…"

"I'm sorry, it's all my fault. When I was pregnant, I was so weak, which caused Leo to get sick every other day…"

She hadn't finished speaking when Julian Thorne cut her off.

"Don't blame yourself. I'll stay with Leo tonight. You should go rest."

He put an arm around Seraphina’s shoulders, patiently comforting her.

"What about Sister Scarlett and her baby then…?"

A flicker of hesitation crossed Julian Thorne’s eyes, but it quickly vanished.

"I'll explain to her."

"Leo is my biological son, isn't it only natural for me to take care of him?"

The voice wasn't loud, but every word still reached my ears clearly.

It was like a bolt of lightning from a clear sky,

shattering what little sanity I had left.

Biological son!

Julian Thorne, so when I'm not around,

you don't even bother to pretend anymore!
