---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/433/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/433/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/433/2/"
---


Samuel looked at me with some annoyance and said:

"Olivia Johnson, you dare to mention Mr. Young's name? You're even daring to spread rumors about having a relationship with him. Are you trying to get me killed?"

Samuel's good friends also looked indignant, glaring at me angrily.

"Olivia, do you know that we barely managed to get the chance to pick up Mrs. Young today?"

"Sam's company was acquired by Mr. Young last year. We all depend on Mr. Young for our livelihoods now. Only by pleasing Mrs. Young can Sam's position be secure."

"Now you're here spreading rumors about having a relationship with Mr. Young. Are you trying to ruin Sam?"

I wiped the blood from the corner of my mouth and slowly turned my head, meeting Samuel's gaze.

Perhaps my look was too frightening, as Samuel frowned, a flash of panic crossing his eyes.

Seeing Samuel's strange look at me, Rachel shot me a venomous glance and pointed at my nose, cursing:

"Olivia Johnson, you ungrateful wretch! Sam has already agreed to take you back, don't be so ignorant and ungrateful, getting above yourself."

"Even if you have some resentment towards Sam, you can't use this method to get revenge on him, can you?"

Hearing this, I felt like I was back three years ago.

No matter what I did, Rachel would always misinterpret my intentions and explain them to Samuel.

At first, Samuel would scold Rachel.

But later, he would follow Rachel's words and blame me.

Just like now, Samuel scolded me in a tone of disappointment:

"Jealous woman."

But this time, he didn't continue to scold me as he did in the past.

After a moment of silence, Samuel took out a check for $200,000 and placed it in front of me.

"For the sake of our past relationship, I won't do anything to you."

"Take the money and buy yourself some decent clothes. If you don't like taking care of children, I'll find you a respectable job in a few days."

"Don't worry, since Mr. Young acquired the company, this amount of money is nothing to me now."

Samuel's patronizing attitude made me sick. Looks like he's been doing quite well lately.

Under everyone's surprised gaze, I pushed away Samuel's hand holding the check, retrieved my bracelet from Rachel's hand, and said with a smile:

"No need, Mr. Lee. I don't accept things from strangers."