---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/77/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/77/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/77/1/"
---

Three years ago, I was confused and dragged to court due to a medical accident. A health report falsely stating I had no allergies sent me to prison.

Declan and my son assured me they'd wait for me. During those three years in prison, I endured endless torture, with anyone in a bad mood taking it out on me. At the worst, eight of my ribs were broken.

The monthly visitation day was my only hope. But Declan and my son never showed up.

When I was released, my foster parents had passed away, and my former friends, classmates, and teachers distanced themselves. Everywhere I went, people pointed and whispered, and the mark on my wrist became my life's label, always drawing ridicule.

Thankfully, Declan and my son stayed by my side, encouraging me, giving me confidence and courage. They said that no matter what others thought, they'd never leave me, because I was their most loved one. And I made them the only light in my darkness, willingly becoming a housewife, taking care of them with all my heart. That became my best way to express my love.

I never imagined that all my suffering was thanks to them! The love I felt was just a facade to help Nora.

Tears welled up uncontrollably.

At that moment, I couldn't hold back any longer and fled.

Back in the bedroom, the walls were covered with photos of Declan and me. From when I was seventeen to after we got married. Each photo held different memories.

But gradually, someone else appeared in our photos.

Nora was an intern I brought in. Wherever Declan was, she was there too. I warned Declan, but he dismissed it.

He even said, "Adeline, do you lack confidence in yourself or doubt our relationship?"

So after I dismissed my suspicions, they worked together to send me to prison. Even my child, whom I carried for ten months, wants me dead.

I held my head in despair, their words echoing in my mind. The pressure in my chest made it hard to breathe, and tears kept flowing.

On one side was the desperate truth, on the other, years of love and family ties.

What should I do?

I bit my lip hard, my body trembling in silent sobs.

Declan and my son came in without me noticing. Seeing my tear-streaked face, my son jumped into my arms, nuzzling against me, and comforted me with practiced ease. Declan held me gently, murmuring softly:

"Adeline, it's okay. Just be yourself, I'll handle the rest! My son and I will always be your support."

Feeling his tenderness, I couldn't stop asking myself, can I really rely on them?

If I hadn't heard their conversation, I'd be happy, but now all I feel is trembling and nausea.

If not for Nora, they wouldn't have to act with me.