---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/480/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/480/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/480/1/"
---


The emergency room was full of onlookers. Hearing Steve say this, they couldn't help but look down on us.

"What kind of person does this? Don't waste public resources!"

"Coming to the hospital to make a scene out of jealousy? Don't you know where you are?"

"This whole family is crazy!"

Faced with their accusations, I was furious. I turned to Steve, "You're a doctor too. Can't you see the patient is in serious pain?"

"His wound is real. My brother-in-law said he was bitten by a snake. Please save him quickly!"

Mrs. Thompson cried out, "That damn Sophia! This is her own brother!"

Steve scoffed: "Dr. Thompson said you'd make a scene, but I didn't believe it. Now I see she was right..."

He looked me up and down, his eyes full of disdain. It made my blood boil, but now wasn't the time to argue with him. Mrs. Thompson was crying beside me, and Ryan had already passed out.

I knelt on the ground: "Please, open the door. I'm begging you!"

I kowtowed to them repeatedly.

Steve quickly stepped back, "Jack, are you trying to emotionally blackmail us?"

"This isn't emotional blackmail. I'll take responsibility for any consequences. Whatever Sophia wants to do to me afterward, even if she wants a divorce, that's fine."

"I just beg you to open that door and get the life-saving medicine out. Please!"

I kept kowtowing to them: "Please, I'm begging you!"

Seeing this, Steve seemed to soften a bit. He took out his phone and called Sophia.

"Sophia, it looks serious. Your brother really was bitten by a snake. The situation is very critical. You should come back quickly!"

Hearing this, Sophia scoffed on the other end, "Steve, why are you playing along with them?"

"I've told you, Jack gets along great with my mom and brother at home. The three of them often gang up on me!"

"Don't get involved in this!"

She hung up abruptly. Even Steve was stunned, not expecting Sophia to be so stubborn in her disbelief.

At this point, the police had arrived. After hearing about the situation, they made a decisive call to break down the door!

Steve tried to stop them, but I grabbed him, "Steve, if anything happens to my brother-in-law, I will hold you responsible!"

"I won't let a single person involved in this incident off the hook!"

Steve was taken aback, then retorted defiantly, "Just because you say it's snake venom doesn't mean it is! We need to wait for the test results!"

The emergency department doctors had already taken blood for testing, but the results would take 40 minutes.

Ryan was unconscious, and they couldn't make a definitive judgment because the wound was just two small red dots.

I quickly took a photo and posted online for help.

"My brother-in-law was bitten by a venomous snake. The local hospital can't determine the type. Please help identify if it's really from a venomous snake."

"Help! Urgent request!!!"

Kind netizens helped boost my post.

Soon, a snake expert called me.

"Hello, I've looked at your photo and can confirm it's from a venomous snake. The golden window for treatment is only four hours. Based on your location, only City General Hospital in your area has the antivenom."

"Even if you get the antivenom and inject it, there may still be after-effects."

"Time is of the essence. You must get treatment immediately!"
