---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/44/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/44/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/44/1/"
---

After leaving the wedding venue, I received a call from my subordinate.

"Reaper, we've just received information on Olivia's manner of death. Cancer will take her life in 30 days..."

"We've already thought of how to..."

"No need," I interrupted.

The subordinate was stunned, then reacted.

"You mean you'll find a way to save Olivia yourself this time?"

"No, there's no need to save Olivia this time."

After a long while, the subordinate let out a soft "Mm", as if hesitating over whether I was speaking out of anger.

Because over the years, I had silently borne the consequences of defying fate for each of Olivia's deaths.

Knowing she would die in a car accident, I kept her locked by my side for an entire day.

Knowing she would be crushed to death by a heavy object, I stayed by her side constantly and took the blow of that object for her.

From the moment I couldn't bear to see her stabbed to death in a medical dispute, I used my frail body and endured illness.

I exchanged my wellbeing for her safety time and time again.

But now, my heart was dead.

"From now on, don't inform me in advance of any death notices for Olivia. Follow the normal death procedures."

Just as I finished saying this, Ethan sent me a message.

"Olivia said she wouldn't let me face death alone."

Below was a voice recording of Olivia:

"Ethan, you're the one I truly love. If I have to die, I'll die with you."

Even though I knew Ethan was different in Olivia's heart, hearing her say this still made me feel suffocated.

Back then, she single-handedly resisted Death's call for her patients. While marveling at her abilities, I fell in love with her.

Later, I saved her when she was about to be stabbed to death by an angry patient's family.

She cared for the wound on my stomach, and that's how we fell in love.

For five years of dating, while I bore the consequences of defying fate, she always took meticulous care of my weakened body.

But after Ethan appeared, everything changed.

She began to intentionally or unintentionally avoid me, forgetting about my condition.

When I was injured by a heavy object for her sake, she even went for a walk in the park with Ethan.

Just when I thought she still loved me by choosing to marry me...

She ran away from the wedding, and when she reappeared before me, it was to ask me to save Ethan.

It turns out that even the most profound love is small and laughable in the face of human hearts.

I coldly blocked Ethan and called my subordinate again.

"Change Olivia's time of death to 7 days from now."

We do have the right to advance the time of death for those who volunteer to die early.

Olivia, didn't you say you two would face death together?

Then, as you wish.

"Let Ethan and Olivia face the pain of illness together."

The moment I finished speaking, I passed out.