---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/364/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/364/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/364/2/"
---

My in-laws, Eleanor and Richard, whom I hadn't seen in a long time, suddenly showed up at the house.

Damian was away on a business trip. Aria, ready for school, dutifully went forward to greet her grandparents.

But Eleanor just stared at her, then sighed.

"Why is she just a girl?"

My eyes turned cold. I spoke up, "A girl is wonderful. I'm very happy with her."

This old-fashioned preference for boys was unacceptable.

For years, Eleanor had looked down on me and my daughter for not having a grandson.

Before, out of respect, I had endured it. So much so that when I read Aria's suicide note, she wrote that she felt like an unwanted child.

Eleanor, however, ignored me and continued, "What good is a girl? She can't take care of you in your old age or bury you. And the family fortune will go to someone else eventually."

She even wanted me to have another child. Hah, I scoffed.

But Aria looked a little hurt. I took her hand and comforted her.

"Don't worry, Mom will only ever have one daughter, you."

I told her to go to school first and ignore Eleanor's unreasonable demands.

Eleanor sat on the sofa and said, "Your brother-in-law, Jasper, is getting married. Give him one of your properties for his wedding home."

So that was her real purpose for coming. But what was with that condescending attitude?

Was that any way to ask for a favor?

I refused. I told her I was leaving all my properties to my daughter.

Eleanor shamelessly claimed, "If you give your property to Jasper, and his wife has a son, then his son can take care of you in your old age."

The nerve!

I said coldly, "I don't need anyone to take care of me. I can go to a retirement home."

Eleanor was furious, cursing me as a "cursed woman."

"What's wrong with giving Jasper a property? It's not like you're losing an arm or a leg!"

"I'll say it again. All my assets will go to my daughter. No one else will touch a single penny."

Why didn't this old hag ask her own son to buy him a place? She just wanted to take advantage of me.

In my past life, I had given my all for their family.

Yet they showed no gratitude. They still wanted to scheme for my assets. Hmph.

Eleanor's face twisted in rage, and she lunged at me, intending to hit me.

But Richard held her back. He tried to smooth things over, saying Eleanor was confused.

He pulled Eleanor into a room, and I could still hear them whispering.

"Damian hasn't gotten the shares yet. Don't ruin things with her."

