---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 5"
novel_index: "/novels/364/"
chapter_number: 5
next_chapter: "/novels/364/6/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/364/4/"
---

Chloe was an orphan. In my previous life, once I found out, I forbade Aria from playing with her.

Aria had a huge fight with me then, and later, I heard Chloe had been bullied until she took her own life.

I couldn't imagine if Aria had also been bullied. I only knew that this time, I had to help Chloe.

I would even sponsor her education, because she was a friend my daughter accepted.

In the end, Celeste reluctantly apologized. Seraphina looked as if she had suffered the greatest injustice.

After settling the matter, I took Aria home.

Damian followed us. On the way, I couldn't help but taunt him. "Weren't you on a business trip? How did you get here so fast?"

Damian pompously declared that no matter what, nothing was more important than his daughter.

Which daughter was he talking about? Who knows.

Aria nestled close to me. She had finally completely believed that I wasn't the controlling mother I used to be.

I felt immensely relieved. That night, I slept with Aria.

The next day, I went to see Uncle Liam, a highly respected elder and my father's most trusted friend.

He also held shares in the Sterling Group.

I stated my intentions, and he pondered for a while.

He said Damian had been diligently managing the company for so many years; kicking him out wouldn't be easy.

He could bypass Damian and arrange for me to start at a lower level, prove myself, and then be transferred back to headquarters.

Otherwise, the old directors on the board might not approve of me.

I assured him I would achieve great results.

I used to focus solely on family, but thankfully, I hadn't forgotten everything I'd learned before.

Uncle Liam acted quickly. I was soon assigned to a struggling subsidiary of the Sterling Group.

This company had been losing money for a long time, and morale was low.

The first thing I needed to do was stabilize their confidence.

