---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 8"
novel_index: "/novels/364/"
chapter_number: 8
next_chapter: "/novels/364/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/364/7/"
---

fter dinner, I declined Caleb's offer to drive me home.

I decided to browse a mall and buy a gift for Aria.

I walked into a jewelry store, and a sales associate warmly greeted me.

I said I was looking for a piece of jewelry suitable for a young girl. The sales associate recommended a very beautiful protective pendant, with a braided cord chain that was durable and looked understated.

I decided to buy it on the spot.

As I finished paying and was about to leave, I saw Seraphina.

She was intimately holding a man's arm, picking out jewelry.

After they exchanged some words, she even happily kissed the man in front of the sales associate.

I internally exclaimed, "Well, isn't that something!" Damian is about to get cuckolded.

I quickly took out my phone and snapped a few pictures, then quietly slipped away.

I wouldn't tell Damian yet. It wasn't the right time. I wanted them to tear each other apart when the time was right.

Back home, I placed Aria's gift in her room, planning to surprise her.

But when I went downstairs, I saw Damian sitting on the sofa.

I raised an eyebrow. The moment he saw me, he started questioning me.

"When did you go back to work at the company?"

"Whenever I felt like it. What's it to you?"

Damian had the nerve to say, "I hope you put your focus on the family. Aria still needs your guidance."

"Leave the hard work of earning money to me."

Was he starting to panic already? I decided to mimic his hypocritical act.

"How could I let you suffer alone? I'm willing to share the burden."

My husband's face cracked. He pompously stated,

"I was just trying to care for you. Don't be so sarcastic."

I rolled my eyes. "Don't bother. If you're so concerned, maybe care about your own daughter."