---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/208/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/208/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

At a fashion gala, I attended in full glamor but went alone.

Reporters curiously asked, "Miss, is Mr. Declan not accompanying you this time?"

At that moment, there was a noticeable stir in the distance.

I turned to look.

Declan stepped out of the car, holding the hand of the woman beside him intimately.

Everyone was astonished.

It was his first time changing companions in seven years.

I was always the one by his side.

Now it was Adeline, a famed Rising Star known for her pure image.

Entertainment reporters once compared our looks.

They found she bore a slight resemblance to me.

Declan attending with her felt like a scene from a story where the stand-in surpasses the original.

Reporters swarmed around them.

I met Declan’s gaze, his eyes indifferent. I nodded politely and turned away to walk inside as if nothing happened.

On the way, my agent, Nora, quietly asked, "No wonder Adeline took your fashion resources. I wondered who had her back; turns out it’s Declan. Did you have another fight with him?"

I shook my head, "No fight."

"We broke up."

Nora sighed, unsurprised, and advised, "Heiress, it's only halfway through the year, and you've broken up three times already. Each time, Mr. Declan sets aside his ego to coax you. You should consider giving in once, or Adeline will really steal him away."

Yeah.

In everyone’s mind, all year round, it’s me causing trouble.

Declan is the one placating me.

As for Adeline, she’s just a pawn in Declan’s little game with me.

If I gave in, Declan would reconcile with me immediately.

But I know.

Declan isn’t acting out of spite; it’s a demonstration of power.

He’s telling me, if you’re not interested, there are others who are.

I clenched my fists, the diamonds on my dress pricking my skin, the slight pain making me more aware.

"It’s really over."

I said firmly, "This time, I’m truly done with him."

