---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/208/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/208/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/208/1/"
---


I’ve been with Declan for seven years.

We’ve broken up and gotten back together more than twenty times.

I was the one who ended things, and he always tried to get us back together.

He’s the Heir of the Declan Family, surrounded by countless admirers, yet he’s willing to set aside his pride repeatedly to make me happy, to win me back.

If I just mention missing him, he’d fly across the country to be with me, to hold me.

Many advised me not to be so sensitive, arguing over tabloid news. He’s clearly full of love for me, so why break up repeatedly and hurt the relationship?

I understood too.

But I couldn’t control my emotions, leading to many nights of tears.

He would hold me tight, soothing me with his deep voice, "How can it be sensitivity? It’s just that Phoebe loves me too much, feels too insecure. I’m willing to comfort Phoebe."

I asked him, eyes red, "For a lifetime?"

"A lifetime."

He answered without hesitation.

We were so young then.

Love was always fervent, intense, and saying forever seemed so simple, as if it could be achieved just by saying it.

But in reality, it was just a thought.

Remembering this brought a slight bitterness to my heart.

Then Nora asked me, "Why break up this time?"

I was stunned, slowly blinking, finally fixing my gaze on the couple not far away, and lightly said:

"He wants to get married, and he wants me to be his lover."

Nora was stunned.

I withdrew my gaze, drained my glass, and no one saw my flushed eyes.

"I told him I wouldn’t."

Nora paled, only murmuring:

"Absurd—"

