---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/208/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/208/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/208/2/"
---


Indeed.

So absurd.

But Declan didn’t think so.

When he mentioned it, he even seemed to take it for granted, "Phoebe, I’ve already talked with Genevieve. We’ll just be a couple in name. Privately, she won’t bother me, and I won’t bother her. We can still be together."

Genevieve.

The Heiress of The Genevieve Corporation.

Also, the chosen partner for the Declan family’s arranged marriage.

I accidentally learned from Declan’s secretary about their possible engagement. I wanted an explanation, hoping for his denial.

I never expected such a bombshell.

How ridiculous.

My boyfriend of seven years was getting married.

He wanted me to be his lover.

I looked at the man in front of me, my heart unexpectedly stopped for a moment, followed by a furious pounding, making my nose sting uncontrollably.

I didn’t know whether to be angry at his insult or sad about my lost love.

But Declan just looked at me.

His gaze was calm and determined.

As if, sure I would agree.

After all, I loved him so very much.

But I only wanted to ask, "Declan, did you ever plan to tell me you were getting married?"

Declan slightly frowned, a hint of confusion in his gaze, "What does getting married matter? Loving you is enough, Phoebe. This is common in our circle, you’ve seen it—"

I’ve seen it.

Of course, I have.

Being with him for seven years.

He’s taken me to countless circles and gatherings. I’ve seen couples who pretend to love in front of cameras but are actually estranged, and I’ve seen arranged marriages where both parties do as they please in private.

But I never thought it would be the same for Declan and me.

We loved each other so deeply.

I was sure we’d marry, have children, grow old together.

But, I was wrong.

Declan never thought of marrying me.

All along, it was just my wishful thinking.

I withdrew my hand from Declan’s grip, speaking clearly and steadily, "But I don’t want to be your lifelong secret lover."

Declan frowned but patiently explained, "Phoebe, you’re not a lover. You’re my wife, my partner."

"What about Genevieve?"

He said nothing.

He couldn’t deny Genevieve’s status but still didn’t understand why I cared about her presence.

Perhaps we were never on the same path from the start.

I lowered my gaze, hiding my reddened eyes, and slowly said, "Declan, I won’t be a Mistress."

"Phoebe, don’t you want to be with me? We promised forever, you clearly love me—"

"I do love you."

I looked up at him, eyes earnest and unwavering, "But, Declan, I won’t lose my principles because of love."
