---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 100"
novel_index: "/novels/506/"
chapter_number: 100
next_chapter: "/novels/506/10/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/506/8/"
---

boxes of potato chips, 20 cases of pull-apart bread, 50 bags of soy milk powder, 50 bags of black sesame paste

Thinking I'd set up solar panels in the afternoon, I also bought 50 pounds of pork, 50 pounds of beef, and 50 pounds of lamb.

My home fridge was too small; I'd need to buy two large chest freezers.

These things definitely weren't enough. Even though Costco was a warehouse store, I couldn't buy too much from just one place. I'd need to visit several stores.

Just as I finished paying, Dad arrived in a large cargo van. Seeing the supermarket staff loading items into the truck, my dad joked, "Sweetie, are you going all out? How much are you planning to give away?"

As soon as I got in the car, I noticed my old man had turned serious.

 "Avery, what's really going on? The house glass has been replaced, you've bought so much stuff, and you're rushing your mom and me over."

I had thought about this question last night, and coming up with excuses had given me a headache. I also knew I couldn't hide it from them, so I decided to tell them the truth.

My parents were older and had lived through tough times. 

Perhaps because they’d been high school teachers, constantly interacting with kids from the new era, their acceptance of new things was sometimes even stronger than mine.

When I told them I died in my apartment complex in my previous life, my dad’s eyes reddened. Perhaps death felt far away, but parents always empathize with your suffering. 

"Just reinforcing the doors and windows isn't enough. We need to make it soundproof. What if someone hears something and tries to break in?"

My dad was a whirlwind of action. As he spoke to me, he called my mom.

Just like that, the worry that had kept me awake all night about an excuse was resolved.

There was still a third of the cargo van's space left. We followed the navigation straight to the farmer's market and bought a huge haul there too: