---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/166/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/166/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/166/3/"
---

After speaking, his gaze fell on my stomach, accepting his fate.

"I know, pregnant women have mood swings. I've tried my best to take care of you, but don't be too much."

His leather shoes stepped on the carpet, leaving a glaring mark.

I almost reminded him out of habit.

Realizing, I swallowed the words, mocking myself.

He's always been like this, not caring about my efforts, not appreciating my contributions.

Since I'm leaving, his actions don't matter to me anymore.

I looked up at him and calmly nodded.

"Yes, just because you looked at her. Isn't that reason enough?"

"Jasper, I told you before we got married, I can't tolerate betrayal. You've changed, so there's no need to continue."

Jasper's brows furrowed, ready to explode in anger.

I spoke again:

"Also, the child is gone. Don't worry, it won't get in your way."

"And it won't compete with your little Fiona for shares."

"When you have time, sign the papers. Send them to me; the address is on there."

After speaking, I ignored his frozen figure and turned to leave.

Behind me, I heard him shout desperately:

"Adeline, if you leave today, don't ever think about coming back!"

I smirked.

He'd used that line to confine me for ten years.

I constantly apologized and lowered my head.

But there was no forgiveness, only him pushing his limits.

He thought I'd turn back and admit I was wrong, like before.

But as his words fell, I quickened my steps.

Not coming back suits me just fine.