---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/213/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/213/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/213/1/"
---


After the assistant left, Fiona stayed by my bedside. She occasionally wiped my body, sometimes whispering stories of our past in my ear.

 Every action was so gentle. If I hadn't just heard the brutal truth, I would've thought she loved me deeply.

Soon, a female doctor came over with two forms. Judging by the voice, it was her best friend, Hazel. Fiona glanced at her coolly.

"So? Are the results out?"

Hazel handed a form to Fiona. She opened it, her eyes instantly brightening. Even her tone became cheerful.

"I knew it. They're half-brothers; the kidneys are definitely compatible."

"Prepare for surgery, the sooner, the better."

Hazel looked troubled, clutching Fiona's hand with a tremor.

"Fiona, do you really have to do this? Look at what Nolan has become, and you still want to take his kidney?"

"Besides, Jasper's kidney doesn't have much of a problem. Last time you brought him in for a check, it was just a mild infection, cured with some meds."

Fiona pried her hand away, her gaze fixed on my pale face.

"You don't know. Jasper has exhausted himself preparing to become the heir, not eating or drinking well."

"I read online that overworking like this can cause kidney issues. I can't gamble with Jasper's health. This is the only way to ensure everything's fine."

"Anyway, during this accident, we'll take his kidney. When he wakes, we'll tell him the crash injured his kidney, forcing us to remove one. He won't suspect a thing."

Hazel tried to wake her, grabbing her hand again.

"But Nolan's current condition isn't suitable for this surgery. The crash caused blood clotting issues. Forcing a kidney removal might cause shock, endangering his life."

Fiona locked eyes with Hazel.

"Hazel, aren't you the best in your hospital? I trust you can handle this minor surgery."

Hazel gritted her teeth, staying silent. Sighs echoed in my ears. Tears streamed down my face like broken pearls.

 My legs have already been amputated, and now my wife wants to take my kidney for my half-brother.

I wanted to get up from the bed and demand why she was doing this to me. But my limbs felt like they were filled with cement, immovable.

Hazel handed Fiona another form.

"Fiona, your check-up from last week is out too. Congratulations, you're pregnant."

Fiona froze, staring at the pregnancy test words for a long time. But the final words were cold.

"Schedule an abortion for me."

Hazel was clearly surprised, her voice tinged with confusion.

"Fiona, you've been married for five years. It's not easy for this child to come! Why abort?"

"Nolan's in this state now. Who knows if he can have kids anymore."

"And you've taken so many contraceptives before that your body's already damaged. If you don't keep this one, you might never conceive again!"

Fiona's cold hand gripped mine again. Her voice pierced my soul, given the closeness.

"I never planned on having kids with him. You know I've always loved Jasper. If I were to have a child, it should be Jasper's."

She suddenly kissed my forehead, her voice choking.

"As for Nolan, I'll find hundreds of ways to compensate him."

Memories flickered through my mind like a movie. Five years of marriage, I always wanted a love child but never succeeded.

 I thought it was my body's issue, seeking medical help and drinking bitter herbs. Fiona once comforted me, saying, "Don't rush; we'll have kids eventually." 

The truth was, she never wanted a child.

