---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/81/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/81/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/81/2/"
---

Hearing such explicit words from him, my heart ached. The person in front of me was Jude, the one I was smitten with in my youth, the one I once wanted to marry at all costs. To marry him, I even ran away from home. But in the end, I aborted the child, and despite his pleas on his knees, I never looked back.

Now, he pinned me down, injecting a cold liquid into my body through a needle. In no time, I began to feel feverish all over. I started writhing uncontrollably in front of Jude, trying to pull him closer with my free hand.

"Help... help me... please," I mumbled unconsciously, making his gaze darken. He stood still for a moment, then removed his shirt and pants. "Beg me, beg me to please you!" His eyes, red with desire, held back the urge, forcing me to plead.

I refused to speak, gently stroking his desire with a hint of flattery. Jude took a deep breath, forcefully pinning my other hand above my head. After a release, he lay satisfied on top of me, pecking my lips with a mischievous grin. "Can Lachlan make you feel this good?"

Hearing this, the heat in my heart instantly cooled by half. I pushed his shoulder, my eyes red, telling him to leave. But he twisted my hand back, marking my neck with a hickey. "With you like this, will Lachlan still want you?"

I saw the fury in his eyes, as if it would burn my heart to ashes. I didn't know how to explain my betrayal to Jude back then. Nor did I know how to ask what he went through in these years to become like this. Meanwhile, he began another round of indulgence.

When I woke up again, he was long gone, leaving a key on the bedside table. He didn't kill me, but likewise, my assassination mission failed.