---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/81/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/81/5/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/81/3/"
---

In this organization, assassins who fail face the harshest punishment. Lower-level assassins who fail are flayed and dismembered piece by piece. They start from the spine, splitting the skin in two, and then tear it like a bat spreading its wings, enduring a full day of agony before dying. But for someone of my level, there's only death, not failure. As long as I'm alive, the mission doesn't end, until I lose all value.

When I returned to see Lachlan, he immediately noticed the mark on my neck. I heard him scoff, his tone mocking. "You've become so wanton, can't even kill someone without getting frisky?"

Hearing such words from two men in a row, I couldn't help but look up coldly, my eyes nearly turning murderous. After a minute of standoff, I was the first to lower my head, unloading my gun and kneeling to plead guilty. "Mission failed, requesting organization punishment."

As soon as I spoke, the mockery in Lachlan's eyes instantly vanished. He asked incredulously, "The mission... failed?"

I kept my head down, mechanically repeating, "Yes! Mission 001 failed, requesting organization punishment." This time, he actually laughed out loud. The sound was chilling, like a knife grinding against my bones.

Sure enough, he then grabbed my shoulder and personally escorted me into the interrogation room. The people there were surprised to see me. After all, since earning the 001 code name, I'd never failed until now.

I was tied to the interrogation chair, my expression numb, lost in thought. Lachlan gritted his teeth, taking the whip himself and lashing it onto me. My clothes split instantly. With another lash, my skin burned with a bloody mark. I bit my lip in silence, only for him to hit harder. After a dozen lashes, blood began to drip from my wounds.

Lachlan carefully avoided the mark on my neck. Against the backdrop of blood, the love bite stood out even more. It was an interrogation room, yet he only tortured me without asking why the mission failed.

Then he personally used pliers to pull out one of my nails and subjected me to electric shock. Every interrogation method was used on me. After another round of electric shock, I saw his hand trembling slightly on the switch, his eyes red, lips quivering. Seeing me refuse to speak, he grabbed my hair, forcing me to look up at him, then gently kissed the love bite.

I couldn't help but shudder. This side of him was far more frightening than any punishment. He untied me, gently cradling me in his arms as if afraid to hurt me. Yet back in the bedroom, he violently tore off my already tattered clothes, licking the fresh whip marks.

I cried out in pain, my fingers digging into his hair. He paused, lifting my face...