---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 5"
novel_index: "/novels/81/"
chapter_number: 5
next_chapter: "/novels/81/6/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/81/4/"
---

When it was all over, I lay gasping for breath, the sheets rippling beneath me. My eyes were still veiled in a haze, and the figure before me was blurry. Lachlan looked down at me, controlled by desire. Even though his body reacted, he refused to touch me.

He gripped my neck slightly, asking, "Do you know that person?" If you listened closely, there was a faint tremor in his voice. After a moment of silence, I weakly answered, "We... shared a bed..."

Then he went crazy, biting the love bite fiercely as if he wouldn't stop until he tore the flesh off. Was it because he loved me? But clearly, I had once asked him while lying in his arms, "Did you take me in because you loved me?"

What did he say back then? I can't quite remember, but it was probably a denial. After Lachlan took me in, I endured six months of inhumane training. On the day I officially became an assassin, I told him, "I have someone I love. It's my only reason to keep going."

He was dismissive. "Feelings are the most unreliable thing. Only someone as foolish as you would believe in them." So, how could he let himself fall into love now? It's just the possessiveness of someone in power.

He dragged me to the bathroom. Only then did I realize how wanton I could be in front of him. When it finally ended, I slid down the counter, but he caught me, holding me in his arms.

He lifted me and tossed me back onto the bed. I thought he wanted more, resigning myself to his whims. But he threw another document folder onto the bed. Inside were the address, age, gender, and code name. But there was no photo or name. That's why I didn't recognize the assassination target was Jude in the first place...

It's just the possessiveness of someone in power.

He grabbed my arm and hauled me into the bathroom.

Only then did I realize how unrestrained I could be in front of him.

When it finally ended, I slid weakly down the counter, only to be caught and held in his arms.

He picked me up and tossed me back onto the bed. I assumed he was interested again and resigned myself to let him continue. Instead, he threw a document folder onto the bed.

Inside, there was an address, age, gender, and code name.

But there were no photos or names.

That's why I didn't realize at first that the assassination target was Jude...