---

layout: chapter

title: "Chapter 4"

novel_index: "/novels/17/"

chapter_number: 4

next_chapter: "/novels/17/5/"

previous_chapter: "/novels/17/3/"

---



I went home.

Placing the prenatal check-up report on the bedroom vanity, I started packing to move out.

This was the first villa Gideon bought after his startup success.

It was also our home.

Since his old injury relapse led to “blindness”, I called in renovation workers to lay down tactile tiles.

Hung wind chimes in places prone to bumps, ensuring safety measures.

Every day, I made different dishes to improve Gideon’s vision, hoping he’d recover soon with massage therapy.

In the end, everything I did seemed like a joke.

I took down the wind chimes and threw them away with last night’s cold meal.

Gideon’s call suddenly came through.

“Nora, you’re discharged?”

“Yeah, I don’t like the hospital smell,” I replied coldly, “After all, it’s just my period. You must be exhausted running back and forth taking care of Daphne.”

“Actually, I…”

Gideon hesitated, “Don’t misunderstand, since Daphne’s husband is overseas, it’s only right for me, as a friend, to take care of her…”

“You don’t need to explain, I understand.”

“Okay…” He was at a loss for words, “Then take care, I’ll have food delivered to your home, eat more.”

“Don’t worry about the wedding, everything is arranged, just eat well, sleep well, and get ready to be a beautiful bride!”

After hanging up, I dragged my suitcase and locked the door.

I took the next ferry to Nora-Gideon Island.

This was where Gideon and I solidified our relationship. He bought it for me at a high price and named it after us.

Right now, the island staff was doing the final cleanup, preparing to set up the wedding venue.

Gideon kept it a secret, intending to surprise me.

But I guessed it right away; he planned the wedding venue on the island.

The person in charge recognized me from the wedding dress poster.

“Miss Qin, you…”

“Go about your business, don’t mind me. I’m just here to check things out... Don’t worry, Gideon doesn’t know I’m here, and I won’t make things difficult for you.”

Only then did the person in charge leave at ease.

Following the sound of the waves, I walked to the beach, where the tide had receded, exposing the rocks.

I bent down, brushing off the sand.

I saw the heart-shaped stone with Gideon’s and my names carved on it, now eroded beyond recognition.

On another stone, Daphne’s crooked name appeared.

The staff was preparing to clear the used tents and hammocks.

Tangled in the corners were strands of gray-brown hair and the strong perfume unique to Daphne.

“Where’s the ring?” I asked the person in charge, “I want to see it.”

“It just arrived today, locked in the glass case!”

The person in charge led me over, teaching me how to unlock it with my fingerprint.

The three-carat heart-shaped engagement ring, I’m the only one who can unlock it and has the right to wear it.

But unfortunately, this sea and Gideon’s heart are no longer pure.

I held the ring in my palm, examining it closely, then suddenly ran to the sea and threw it with all my might.

The person in charge was shocked and quickly called for someone to retrieve it.

“No need,” I shouted, “Tell Gideon the wedding is canceled, and you don’t need to continue with the preparations.”

Before the person in charge could catch up, I turned and boarded the ship to leave.

Gideon’s call came through.

His voice was trembling, sounding extremely anxious.

“Nora, what’s in that bottle... they said it was our child?”

“It’s my child,” I coldly corrected him, “We haven’t married, and we won’t.”