---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/23/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/23/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

On the day of Mark and Evelyn's wedding, they each called me, wanting me to come back. Although the calls didn't go through, it didn't stop the three of them from discussing how to transfer my house to Mark and Evelyn.
My dad said, "It's just a house. Lily is being too stingy."
My mom said, "It's been six months. Evelyn just had a kidney transplant and got pregnant. She needs someone to take care of her. Lily hasn't even come to help."
My brother said, "Hmph, don't let me see her. If I do, I'll force her to sign over the house to Evelyn."
My dad took a deep breath and nodded, "That's all we can do. If she won't consider Evelyn's needs on her own, we'll have to make the decision for her."
They finished their discussion in a few sentences and turned their attention to wedding preparations.
I floated in the air, watching them busily prepare for the wedding. Surprisingly, I felt no ripples in my heart. Perhaps it was because I had never felt any familial love from them. Even in death, I didn't expect them to show any concern for me, who had been missing for six months.
Because my sister needed cord blood, my 40-year-old mother desperately gave birth to me. Whenever my sister had a need, I, as her younger sister, had no right to say "no." From something as big as a kidney to something as small as a pencil. This range also included my Harvard acceptance letter and my husband, Mark.
Mark was a classmate I met after retaking the SATs and getting into Yale. We were in the same class. We got together because of our shared interests. We were very much in love and happy.
So, with no one paying attention to me, we got married very smoothly after graduation. I think if it weren't for that chance encounter with my sister on the street, I probably would have lived out my life peacefully like this.
The first time my sister saw Mark, her eyes seemed to light up. It was a look I was all too familiar with. Since childhood, whenever she set her eyes on something, they would emit this light - that intense desire to possess, which loomed over me like a nightmare.
I knew she had her sights set on Mark. And in the days that followed, she deliberately seduced him.
From the moment Mark said, "I don't think your sister is as bad as you say," I watched them grow closer and more intimate. They even had sex in my house.