---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/66/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/66/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/66/2/"
---

The Police Station was a bit far from our home.

My sister canceled over ten ride requests for not being fancy enough, eventually getting blacklisted by the app.

By the time she came home, looking like she'd been through a lawsuit, Mom hadn't saved her any dinner.

She clutched her growling stomach, rummaged through the fridge three times, then stormed downstairs to buy a box of instant noodles.

After sulking in her room for days, she suddenly got all dressed up, looking like a peacock, and rushed out.

Before leaving, she didn't forget to throw down a threat: "Just wait, soon I'll uncover my true identity. When I become a Noble Aristocrat, I'll expose how you've mistreated me!"

I glanced at my phone's date; it was the exact time the billionaire had put out a missing person notice in the past life.

Everywhere—the phone, TV, newspapers—buzzed with news about the Golden River Billionaire's precious daughter who went missing at two years old, offering a reward for any leads.

She had been holed up in her room for days, but suddenly she emerged, all dressed up and excitedly rushed out the door. As she left, she hurled a parting shot at us, "Just wait, soon I'll uncover my true lineage. Once I become part of the Blueblood Aristocracy, I'll make sure everyone knows how you've mistreated me!"

I checked the date on my phone. It coincided exactly with when the Billionaire had issued a missing person notice in my previous life. Across phones, television, and newspapers, every platform was reporting that the Golden River Billionaire's beloved daughter had gone missing at the age of two, with a reward offered for any information.

In my past life, my sister's eyes lit up when she saw this news. I thought she was just looking to make some quick cash from the reward. Unexpectedly, she fancied herself the lost Blueblood Aristocrat. Even when Mom and Dad showed her the paternity test results, she refused to believe them.

"How could you be so selfish? You even forged a paternity test to keep me here. I have no respect for you!"

She was truly obstinate, refusing to see the truth! The Blueblood Green Family from Golden River isn't naive; there's no way they'd let her in. Just like before, my sister didn't even meet anyone from the Green Family before she was turned away.

There was no chance; their daughter went missing at two, and eighteen years have passed, so she'd only be twenty now. But my sister is already twenty-four, turning twenty-five in half a month. So, the person handling the initial screening saw the birthdate on her ID and didn't bother to look at her before dismissing her.

Her morning makeover was entirely wasted. She was furious but had no choice. After all, they were looking for their biological daughter, not a daughter-in-law. No matter how good-looking, it was irrelevant.

At this point, any normal person would accept reality and return to their life. But my sister isn't normal. She believes she has a hidden, superior identity. She took all the New Year's money Mom had saved for her and used it to forge an ID and household registration.

Confidently, she prepared to go to the Green Family again to claim her kinship.

That evening, she reverted to acting like an Heiress, demanding that Mom buy her luxury items. A designer bag, a luxury watch, a limited edition dress—everything had to be included.

"This is your last chance to gain my favor. When I return to the Green Family, I'll repay you tenfold for these!"

Mom looked at her as if she were foolish, then pulled out her phone to transfer money. My sister's eyes lit up immediately.

"Fine then! Transfer the money to me, and I'll buy it myself so I won't waste your time."

As she finished speaking, my phone chimed. Fifty thousand dollars were transferred to my bank account—the entirety of our family’s savings. Mom intended to save it for my sister's and my dowry, but now it was all given to me.

"Nora, I see you've been struggling with the mortgage. This savings can help pay some off, lightening your burden. Go pay it right now!" she said, pushing me out the door.

Realizing what was happening, my sister rushed over to stop me, grabbing my wrist and yelling at Mom.

"Why did you give her all the money?"

"I'm part of this family, so half of that savings should be mine. Give it back to me right now!"

"I'm telling you, I'll soon reunite with my biological parents. If they find out about your abuse, they won't let you get away with it!"

Seeing Mom not wanting to pay her any attention, my sister, who always tried to outshine me, now saw me as an enemy and tried to scratch my face.

Swiftly, I pushed her away. "Phoebe, are you out of your mind? Acting like this, you don't deserve to be Mom and Dad's daughter!"

With reddened eyes, she clutched her stomach and tried to advance, but Mom slapped her from behind.

"Ungrateful girl! What right do you have to demand money? That savings—some of it is from your Dad's and my lifelong savings, and some of it is your sister's filial contribution. It has nothing to do with you!"

"You're an adult now, and since you don't want to be our daughter, you should move out today!"

Dad, who once couldn't bear to say a harsh word to her, now silently stood behind me, signaling his agreement with Mom's decision.

Although we can't compare to an Aristocratic family, Mom and Dad have always indulged my sister in everything. Food, clothing, and necessities—they provided her with everything. I was grateful to have a blood-related sibling, so I spoiled her unconditionally too. Even my favorite things, if she wanted them, I'd give them to her.