---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/59/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/59/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

I returned from freshening up in the bathroom to find a new topic buzzing in the private room.

"Ever since I learned Fiona has a humble background, she always seems a bit off to me."

It was Declan's voice. I hesitated, my hand pausing mid-air on the door.

"Have you ever been to a really poor area? Girls from places like that always seem to carry something with them."

Instinctively, I sniffed myself. It was the fresh scent of jasmine. I couldn't comprehend his mindset. Was he looking down on me because of my background?

"No way," another male voice chimed in, "She always dresses pretty nicely."

"Ha," the man scoffed, "She buys everything from cheap sites, reeks of low quality."

"These bargain girls are just for fun. For marriage, it's someone like Adeline, a true gentle and charming rich girl."

Adeline is a freshman this year. On her first day, she arrived in a limited-edition sports car, a perfect match for Declan.

She was there today too, wearing a designer mini-skirt and carrying an expensive bag.

When I opened the door, Adeline had somehow already taken my original seat, her smooth thigh pressed closely against Declan’s pants.

Seeing me return, Declan subtly distanced himself from Adeline and called me over to sit next to him.

"Fiona, come here. I lost a game, and now you have to drink this for me?"

Declan’s stomach has always been fragile. Every time this happened, he would cutely ask me to drink for him.

But he doesn’t know, every time I drink, I feel awful, unable to sleep the whole night.

Just moments ago, Declan drank Adeline’s wine for her, saying girls tend to have cold constitutions and drinking too much was unhealthy.

So in his mind, I don’t even register as a girl.

Everyone else was using small, delicate glasses.

But mysteriously, in front of me was a large mug of draft beer.

Over a dozen eyes in the room were on me, teasingly watching how I would "make a sacrifice for love."

Declan put on an innocent, pitiful look, staring at me expectantly.

In the past, I would have definitely drunk it for him out of pity.

But now—

I boldly lifted the mug, smiling as I responded, "Good thing it's a big mug. If it were one of those small ones, I'd be worried it wouldn't be enough!"

With that, I poured the entire mug over Declan's head, soaking him to the bone.