---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/59/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/59/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/59/2/"
---

They were right; initially, I chose to be with Declan for the money.

But they don’t know, I’m not actually poor, but the only daughter of the Foster family.

My dad worked his way up from humble beginnings, always saying:

"Kids these days have it too good, don’t even know the price of rice."

"How can I trust you with the Foster Corporation in the future?"

So after I got into college, my family cut off my access to unlimited funds and only gave me $1000 a month for living expenses.

In college, I would buy two starch sausages for a dollar, cancel subscriptions right after getting a discount, wait for special deals at fast food places, and look for coupons before entering a restaurant.

I never had much luck with winning anything.

Except once.

It was a rainy day, and I was trying my luck at the lottery booth by the school gate.

A long hand blocked my view.

The owner of the hand wore a black shirt, sleeves rolled up, revealing a strong forearm.

He flipped through a stack of lottery tickets, picked one from the back, and handed it to me.

"Try this one."

Skeptically, I scratched it off and won $500.

Before I could claim the prize, the man opened his umbrella and walked into the rain.

Watching his back, I thought he was quite lucky.

My mom says, being with a lucky man makes life smoother.

I regretted not getting his contact, he could've helped me pick more winning tickets.

Who would've thought, at the freshman mixer later, a boy named Declan confessed to me.

Seeing his somewhat familiar face, I agreed without thinking.

Fate brought us together again, but it ended in such an embarrassing way.