---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/59/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/59/5/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/59/3/"
---

The car was warm, and the comfortable environment made me completely relax.

Jasper didn’t greet me with the warmth I imagined.

He reverted to his usual demeanor, high and aloof.

Was he shy, or... angry?

Well, as strangers with no prior interaction, asking him to pick me up was indeed abrupt.

"Sorry, the place they chose for the gathering is a bit remote. If it's inconvenient, you can drop me off in the city ahead."

The car smoothly pulled over, without hesitation.

As expected, I was troubling someone again.

Reaching for the door, I couldn't open it.

Turning back, I found the man who was far away now close.

For the first time, I looked closely at his features, noticing how he resembled Declan a bit.

But his skin was paler, and he looked more refined.

Unlike Declan, who always had his hair perfectly styled, Jasper's bangs casually fell over his forehead, adding a youthful vibe.

"Is sister seeing someone irrelevant through me?"

The little prince gritted his teeth.

His thin lips opened and closed, looking very kissable.

I couldn't resist reaching out, brushing my finger across them.

"So soft."

I didn't notice his face darkened even more.

"Sister, don't confuse me with my cousin from the Declan family. I'm different."

"In our relationship, I hope we can trust each other."

He suddenly blushed, stubbornly adding:

"If sister doesn't trust me, you can inspect in advance. I'm willing to cooperate..."

My mom was right.

I'm still young, haven't experienced the best.

Otherwise, why would I be so mesmerized by his stunning looks?

What did he just say, he's willing to cooperate?

I also want to... have a taste.

Lost in thought, I leaned up to kiss him.

His eyes turned deep, raven-like lashes trembling with restraint.

In a moment, he fiercely claimed me, like a flood breaking its dam.

No one noticed my phone buzzing in the gap, over and over.