---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/141/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/141/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/141/3/"
---

Finn quickly defended himself. I pinched my thigh, letting tears fall as I sobbed.

"Mrs. Taylor, I never thought Finn and Fiona would drug me. They even have a child. If it weren't for their child, I would have accepted it and never bothered the Taylor Family again."

"But Fiona used her pregnancy to threaten Mr. Taylor, leaving him no choice but to mention the marriage alliance with me."

"If you don't want it, Mrs. Taylor, I can leave."

My tears fell, making Mrs. Taylor frown. My heart skipped a beat, and I glared at Liam. On the way back, he had told me that Mrs. Taylor was firm but soft-hearted towards him.

As long as I cried and exposed Fiona's schemes, Mrs.

Taylor would go easy on me and not implicate the Bennett Corporation. But now, seeing Mrs. Taylor's expression, I suddenly felt a bit of regret.

Mrs. Taylor's face turned from blue to red, and she handed me a tissue.

"You poor child, you've been through a lot. The dowry will be sent to your home again tomorrow morning."

She then slammed the table in anger, glaring sharply at Fiona White.

"I thought you were sensible, but you're restless. Take a million and leave the Taylor Family."

She gestured for the maid to get the check from the room. Finn saw the old lady was serious and immediately knelt to stop her.

"Grandma, I've always loved Fiona. Now she has the Taylor Family's child. How can she leave?"

Mrs. Taylor ignored his defense and bluntly told Fiona to deal with the child, offering another million.

This infuriated Finn, and he pointed at me, yelling angrily.

"Nora Bennett tricked her into marrying my uncle. How can a doomed heir match Fiona?"

The living room fell silent. Seeing the loneliness in Liam's eyes, my heart ached. He was once a bright star, repeatedly hurt because his nephew wanted to fight for the family inheritance.

Not wanting to see him hide his emotions, I got up and slapped his face.

Ignoring everyone's gaze, I slapped him again on the other cheek.

"The only one unworthy is Fiona White. If I had known Liam earlier, you wouldn't have had the title of my boyfriend."

Finn held his face, staring at me in shock. His face turned from green to white to black, and his finger trembled with anger as he pointed at me.

"Nora Bennett, don't forget, our engagement isn't dissolved. You're still my fiancée."

I rolled my eyes at him and turned to take the marriage alliance certificate from Liam's arms, taunting Finn.

"See? Now I'm your aunt. Call me aunt, let's hear it."

Finn looked at me incredulously, wanting to speak but not knowing what to say. Fiona White saw him silent and quickly snatched the marriage certificate from my hand.

"Nora Bennett, even if you want to save face, you shouldn't use this fake marriage certificate to deceive Finn."