---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/218/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/218/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---


"Miss Avery is so generous, truly a beautiful and kind Heiress!"

"Thank you, Miss Avery, for broadening our horizons!"

...

I opened my eyes to the sound of cheers. Avery was at the center of attention, basking in the praise and admiration.

Noticing my gaze, she turned her head, a strange emotion flickering in her eyes.

Someone followed "Miss Avery's" line of sight and noticed me, and the mocking began, deliberately loud.

"Isn't that the guy who has a crush on Miss Avery? Staring at her like that won't change anything. She's with the Campus Heartthrob!"

This sentence triggered my memory. It was too familiar; I'd heard it before in another life.

I had been reborn, and realizing my current situation, my whole body trembled.

It wasn't fear; it was excitement.

In my last life, I was rumored to like Avery, mocked by classmates.

I thought keeping a low profile would be enough. But later, I realized Avery did it on purpose. She called herself an Heiress, enjoying benefits similar to mine, but secretly instigated trouble, saying I was an infatuated follower.

"He likes me, chasing after me, what can I do? We're classmates, I can't be too harsh."

That should have been my line.

But when she said it, it was twisted. Riding in luxury cars with her, coming and going together, Avery claimed it was out of pity.

I was the real heir, but turned into a struggling student.

She, the Driver's Daughter, turned into an Heiress.

Although she relied on my family's support, she hated us.

The money my family spent on her could have supported hundreds of struggling students, yet she had no gratitude.

Thinking of this, I quickly took out my phone and sent a message.

"From today, no one is allowed into any of our Mansions. If anyone can't guard the door, they can leave!"

Without access to the Mansion, let's see how you throw your party.

