---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/519/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/519/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/519/1/"
---


The moment I stepped out of the mansion, Trevor grabbed my wrist from behind:

“Daisy! What the hell do you think you're doing?!”

His grip was too strong, making my face twist in pain:

“Are you out of your mind?! If you're having a bad day, go get a rabies shot, don't come here acting like a rabid dog!”

Trevor's voice was practically spitting through clenched teeth:

“Everyone knows you've been shamelessly chasing me since we were kids, begging to marry me! Now you have the perfect chance, and you're throwing it away? Isn't this just your pathetic attempt at playing hard to get?”

I actually laughed, I was so mad. I'd never met anyone so utterly shameless:

“I can't believe your delusions have gotten this bad. I chose Julian because I *like* Julian. I didn't choose you because the sight of you makes me want to puke, got it?”

Trevor, naturally, didn't believe it. After all, half an hour ago I was still calling him 'my dearest Trevor' non-stop.

Now, suddenly turning on him like this? Anyone would think something fishy was going on.

Just as he was about to say more, I was suddenly pulled into a warm embrace:

“Looks like some dogs just don't understand human words. My fiancée has made it perfectly clear she wants nothing to do with you, yet you're still clinging on. Your hide must be thicker than a rhino's.”

Because of me, everyone in my household used to treat Trevor with kid gloves, giving him special deference.

When had he ever been so utterly humiliated?

Trevor's face flushed crimson with rage:

“Do you honestly think she wants to marry *you*? She's just using you to make me jealous! I saw through her pathetic little games ages ago!”

“Daisy, Chloe was right! You arrogant, spoiled rich girls are all just leeches, the scum of society!”

SMACK!

I swung my arm in a wide arc, my palm connecting squarely with his face.

The force sent him stumbling backward:

“You dared to hit me?!”

It was the first time I'd seen someone's eyes bug out quite so dramatically, like they were about to pop out of their sockets.

I shook out my wrist:

“Hitting you? That was the *least* of it. Looking at how lively and energetic you are, you don't exactly seem like someone who needs charity, do you?”

“You're right, we *are* scum. And naturally, money from the family of scum like us simply *cannot* be used. So, for your future college life, you'll have to work extra hard, won't you?”

The moment he heard I was revoking his sponsorship, Trevor panicked:

“How dare you?! I'm a top scholar!”

Julian snorted a laugh:

“Oh, right, *county-level* first place is also called a 'top scholar,' isn't it? Such high *value*.”

Trevor glared daggers at Julian:

“I'm talking to *her*. Do you have a license to butt in?”

Julian just flexed his wrist:

“Looking for a beating?”

Trevor wanted to retort, but then he looked at Julian, who stood a good half-head taller than him.

He grudgingly snapped his mouth shut.

And stormed away.

“So *that's* the kind of guy you used to like?”

The smirk still hadn't left Julian's lips.

I looked at him, slowly speaking:

“Your husband.”

?

Julian fell silent.

Heh. Go on, laugh. If you mock me again, he's *your* husband now too.

Fair enough, right?

