---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/519/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/519/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/519/2/"
---


The next day, as I stepped out of the mansion, I spotted Chloe and Trevor at the gates, practically draped all over each other, playing the part of lovesick puppies.

Chloe's eyes were brimming with tears, as if she'd suffered some unimaginable injustice, as she sobbed uncontrollably, nestled in Trevor's arms:

“How could she humiliate you like that? My Trevor is the best man in the entire world!”

Trevor sighed dramatically:

“Rich people like them are just spoiled rotten. They have no idea how to respect anyone. She's probably just trying some new trick to get my attention, but I saw through her disgusting little schemes ages ago. She just makes me sick!”

Chloe bit her lip, nodding softly:

“Trevor, I'm worried she'll deliberately cause trouble for you... After all, people like them, what *wouldn't* they do?”

Trevor scoffed:

“She won't dare. All I have to do is ignore her for a couple of days, and she'll come crawling back to beg for my attention.”

I leaned against the doorway, casually shattering his little fantasy:

“Oh, really?”

Trevor heard my voice and, as if on instinct, immediately put some space between himself and Chloe.

But seeing Chloe's stunned expression, he realized his reaction was a bit too obvious. To save face, he snapped at me:

“Who told you to eavesdrop on us?!”

I raised an eyebrow:

“This is *my* house. Do I need to report my movements to an outsider like you? Oh, and by the way, my dad has officially cut ties with your sponsorship. Isn't it a bit awkward for you to still be hanging around *our* house?”

My eyes curved into little crescents as I smiled, instructing the housekeeper to pack up all his *pathetic* belongings and toss them out.

The housekeeper initially just put the bag on the floor, playing along, since I'd pulled this stunt plenty of times before when Trevor and I fought.

And I'd always ended up meekly helping him carry his stuff back inside.

It had gotten so bad that even the housekeeper thought I couldn't live without him.

Trevor glanced at the bag on the ground, frowning:

“Why is this all there is? Where are my watches and shoes?”

I smirked:

“Those? I bought them. What makes you think you have any right to take them? You're not even worthy.”

I had never spoken to him with such venom before.

Trevor's disgusted expression finally wavered, a hint of something else surfacing:

“Alright, stop messing around. You're just upset because you saw me with Chloe, right? Fine, I'll make her leave.”

With that, he started to pick up the bag, intending to go back inside.

But I extended my foot, blocking his path. My expression was no longer casual:

“I didn't realize the last name of this house had changed to 'Trevor.' Since you're all so loyal to young master Trevor, you can pack your bags and leave with him.”

The housekeeper, hearing she was about to be fired, was too terrified to pretend anymore.

She swiftly picked up his pathetic bundle and sent it flying with a kick.

Clothes and personal items spilled everywhere.

Before Trevor could even react, Chloe couldn't stand it anymore.

She put her hands on her hips, striking a pose of righteous indignation, and demanded:

“How can you bully people like this?!”

She was half a head shorter than me; I had to look down to meet her gaze.

Honestly, such a bother.

“Do you really think you have the right to speak to *me*?”

That single sentence utterly shattered Chloe's fragile self-esteem.

Right, if it weren't for Trevor...

...she would never have even seen me in her entire life.

It was the truth, but she couldn't handle it.

Her big eyes immediately filled with tears:

“How could you say that to me...?”

So, I'm supposed to baby you now?

Idiots truly do attract other idiots, don't they?

Seeing his beloved crying, Trevor felt even more humiliated.

He bellowed at me:

“How did you become like this? You're absolutely impossible! Isn't all this just to make me marry you? Fine! I'll marry you! Just stop bothering Chloe! I'll do anything you want!”

He looked like a martyr, which utterly melted Chloe's heart:

“Trevor, I don't want you to give up so much for me...”

Trevor gazed at her adoringly:

“As long as you're well, I'm well...”

Honestly, it made me want to puke.

“Trevor, I don't recall ever saying I wanted to marry you.”

Trevor sneered:

“Stop joking around. Don't I know you? You love me so much, of course you'd marry me. Stop pretending.”

I shrugged:

“Sorry, but I should warn you, you might want to move.”

He reflexively turned his head.

And collided squarely with Julian's fist.

His nose bled, gushing a good ten feet.

Hah.

Spectacular.

“Hearing dogs bark first thing in the morning. So annoying.”

Trevor lay on the ground, unable to get up, too weak to even retaliate.

Julian frowned:

“Even more useless than I thought.”

Smiling, I took his hand and led him back inside.

Once we were alone, he finally voiced the question on his mind:

“I know you only got engaged to me to get back at him, but as long as you need me, I'll be right here by your side. And if... if one day you grow to hate me, I'll just leave on my own. I won't make it difficult for you...”

What was with that aggrieved look? Like *I* was the one who wronged *him*.

Anyone would think I'd betrayed him.

I smiled, leaning closer:

“What if I never hate you?”

His ears instantly flushed red:

“Then... then I'll be with you forever.”

My little innocent. He's quite the sweetheart, isn't he?

