---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/477/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/477/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/477/1/"
---


"What are you doing?!" I rushed over to pull them apart.

Jack saw me but showed no guilt. Instead, he became furious:

"You again! You're nothing but a troublemaker!"

Little Tommy grabbed my wrist and bit down hard:

"Troublemaker! I'll bite you to death! How dare you ruin my daddy's fun!"

I was so angry. I kicked open the door and rushed to Olivia.

I recounted everything I had just witnessed.

But not only did my sister not believe me, she questioned me instead:

"Lydia! Why are you telling such lies?! How could you slander my husband and son like this?!"

I stomped my foot in frustration:

"I swear, every word I said is true!"

"Lydia! Do you really have to destroy my family? My son and I love my wife so much!" Jack walked in and pushed me aside, pulling Olivia into his arms.

He kissed her forehead:

"My little angel, you are the light of my life. How could I ever betray you?"

Olivia smiled sweetly:

"See, Lydia? He loves me so much. My family is so happy. Why are you always so determined to ruin everything?"

This scene made me want to vomit! He was kissing another woman just seconds ago!

"Mommy! I don't like Aunt Lydia! Please don't let her come to our house anymore!" Tommy whined.

Tommy was Olivia's puppet master. She immediately pointed a broom at me:

"Lydia! Get out! We don't need you here!"

I was so angry I saw red:

"Fine! I don't want to stay here either!"

After leaving, I still couldn't bear to let Olivia be deceived. I spent a lot of money to obtain the security camera footage from that day.

I sent it to Olivia.

Olivia was furious. She had a huge fight with Jack at home, even smashing all the furniture.

She called me crying late that night:

"Lydia! Can you come pick me up? I don't want to stay in this house for another minute!"

I was so happy that Olivia had finally come to her senses.

On that stormy night, I drove for two hours to finally reach Olivia's house.

I will never forget!

The moment I knocked on the door with my soaking wet body!

Olivia was actually cuddling in Jack's arms, acting coy!

I stood there and shouted:

"Sis! How can you be so intimate with him?!"

Olivia heard my voice and looked displeased:

"Lydia! This is your brother-in-law!"

"I admit we had a misunderstanding earlier, but he's explained everything to me! We've made up. Aren't you happy for me?"

Oh God!

I had driven at top speed on the road, nearly getting into an accident.

All to rescue her from this hell.

But now she said she wasn't leaving!

"No! Sis! Have you forgotten he kissed another woman?" I still wanted to save her.

But she frowned and lectured me:

"He was just helping blow a bug out of her eye! Your brother-in-law is such a kind person!"

I wanted to say more, but she pushed me out the door:

"Thank you for your concern! But it's late now, we need to rest! Please don't disturb us!"

I was actually locked out!

Alice happened to be taking out the trash. When she saw me, Alice smirked smugly:

"Idiot!"

On that rainy night, my heart was completely broken.

