---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/477/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/477/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/477/2/"
---


A few days later, I received a call from Olivia:

"Lydia! There was a thief in the house! I'm so scared right now!"

"All my money was stolen! I really need you!"

My tone was cold:

"Don't you have your beloved husband? Why are you calling me?"

Olivia sobbed:

"He's been working overtime for many days. I don't want to trouble him further."

"Please, all my money and jewelry are gone! I feel like dying!"

When I drove over, she was sitting on the steps outside crying.

Seeing me, her eyes lit up with joy:

"Thank God! Lydia! You finally came!"

"I was wrong last time. I've been wanting to apologize to you. Please forgive me!"

I didn't accept her apology. Instead, I went inside to check.

There were no signs of anything being ransacked.

"Are you sure there was a thief? Why is everything still perfectly in place?"

Olivia became more anxious:

"If there was no thief, then where did all my money and jewelry go? That was all my savings!"

Looking at her face, a bold idea formed in my mind!

"Maybe... your husband took the money!"

Olivia immediately shook her head:

"It definitely wasn't him! He would never steal my money!"

I suggested Olivia call him.

At that moment, Alice came out of her house.

I was shocked to see Olivia's necklace around her neck!

I grabbed her wrist and shouted at Olivia:

"Sis! I found the thief who stole your things!"

Olivia angrily slapped Alice.

The two quickly got into a physical fight.

A kind neighbor called the police. Jack arrived with the officers.

Alice's face was covered in marks left by Olivia.

She was crying pitifully.

Olivia threw herself into Jack's arms:

"Darling! I've been so wronged... Ah!!"

Jack actually slapped Olivia!

"You crazy woman! What have you done?! How could you treat our neighbor like this?!"

Jack pushed her away and rushed to check Alice's injuries.

Olivia sat helplessly on the ground, crying loudly:

"Why did you hit me?! She's a thief! She stole my necklace!"

Jack was furious:

"I gave that to her voluntarily! You're so stupid!"

"She helps take care of our child when we're not home. Doesn't she deserve some thanks?"

Olivia's face turned red:

"Darling! I didn't know that was the truth!"

Jack was still yelling at her.

Olivia suddenly pointed at me:

"It's all Lydia's fault! She tricked me into thinking Alice was a thief, that's why I hit her! Blame Lydia!"

I stared at her in disbelief:

"Sis! How can you push all the responsibility onto me?!"

"He clearly stole your things and gave them to Alice! How can you not understand something so simple?!"

Olivia ignored my explanation. She started throwing things at me:

"You deliberately made me fight with someone else to make my husband hate me! How can you be so vicious?!"

"Get out! I don't have a sister like you!"

Between me and her husband, she chose that man again!

"Don't regret this!" I turned to leave.

Behind me, she was still explaining to him:

"Please, darling, I'll never see her again! I can't live without your love!"