---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/482/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/482/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/482/2/"
---


My eyes flew wide open in shock. The Four Seasons Villa was divided into Spring, Summer, Fall and Winter sections. It was the wedding gift my mother had specially designed for me.

On her deathbed, she had used her last breath to make sure I signed the deed myself.

Aiden had once held me and promised that we would let my mother witness our happiness there. How could he just hand it over to someone else?

"I don't agree!" I said forcefully.

Aiden's expression darkened as he coldly stared me down.

"Lily's health is fragile. The Four Seasons Villa was built with special temperature controls for each season. It's perfect for her recovery. Don't be so stingy."

The blood drained from my face, but I refused to back down.

"You have a special constitution. If her health is poor, you can use your blood to nourish her."

Aiden's face twisted. "No! Lily isn't like you, she can't stand the smell of blood. It's decided."

I looked at Aiden with deep sorrow, suddenly remembering my father.

That's right! Father and Mother were so in love, he definitely wouldn't agree to this!

I rushed out of the hospital and home. When I happily approached my father, he slapped me hard across the face, shaking with rage.

"Is this how your mother taught you to be so cold-blooded? For the sake of some trinket left by a dead woman, you'd let her suffer with her poor health!"

My pupils constricted as my whole body trembled.

Mother had been so good to Aiden, managing Father's company until her dying day.

But now the same people only had cold shoulders and cruel words left.

I bit my lip until it bled. Aiden flinched at the hatred in my eyes.

He was about to say something when Lily waved the deed in front of my face.

"Thanks for making amends, big sis. Let's put our grudges behind us now."

She pulled two tickets for a car race out of the folder.

"Big sis, I'm inviting you to watch my race tomorrow. Father and Aiden will both be there."

My hand shook violently as I touched the tickets. I looked at the two men in panic.

When I was little, I had been hit by a race car that went off course. I spent two years in the hospital, nearly giving up surrounded by cold machines.

"I'm not going!"

I tried to escape, but she grabbed me, her nails digging into my flesh like she was tearing off a chunk of me.

Lily suddenly fell backwards uncontrollably, too fast to stop.

"Ah, don't push me..."

She fell straight into the fireplace behind her. As flames flared up, Aiden pulled her out. She sobbed in his arms.

"My hair got singed, what do I do? Big sis must hate me, I never meant to take anything from her."

I raised my eyes. "I said I didn't do it. Will you believe me?"

"Chloe, have you gone mad?" Aiden's eyes blazed red, like he wanted to tear me apart.

I laughed coldly as I looked at him. There was no point in explaining.

He knew how terrified I was of cars, yet he still refused to believe me.

Lily ran off crying. He raised his hand to slap me viciously.

Then he chased after her like a madman.

In the dead of night, I curled up in bed, my tears soaking the pillow.

"Mom... why didn't you take me with you..."

I vaguely heard someone push open the door and carry me downstairs.

When I opened my eyes again, the sharp screech of tires against pavement assaulted my ears. Everything around me was a blur.

I bit my lip hard as waves of near-death terror washed over me. Vomit mixed with blood covered my body.

I instantly realized Aiden was getting revenge for Lily. This time, I couldn't even shed a tear.

The car door opened and I tumbled out like a sack of meat. The smell of burning flesh filled the air, but I no longer had the strength to struggle.

I didn't understand why everything had changed in this life. Aiden and my father seemed like completely different people.

But it didn't matter anymore. It would all be over soon.

I managed a small relieved smile as I slowly closed my eyes.

0