---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/449/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/449/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/449/1/"
---


Lucas's eyes darted around, unable to speak.

This mansion was bought shortly after I lost my memory, using a bank card he had coaxed me into using.

That card, I now realize, must have been from my Ruan family account.

He used my money to buy the house, yet had the audacity to make me believe I was dependent on him for survival.

"And you," I turned to Yvette, "That new Chanel dress you're wearing must have cost quite a bit. I wonder which card it was charged to?"

Yvette's face changed color.

I took a step closer, sneering, "It was the supplementary card Lucas gave you, wasn't it? Do you know who's been paying off the bills on that main card every month?"

Over these five years, Lucas's career was just starting, and his income was far from enough to support such lavish spending.

All the bills were paid by me.

I used to think it was proof of Lucas's love, entrusting me with his money. Now I understand I was nothing more than their human ATM.

Yvette was left speechless by my questions, but after just a second, she straightened her back. Far from showing any shame, her face displayed a challenging defiance.

"So what?" she shrieked, her voice shrill. "Aria, what are you getting so worked up about? If it weren't for Lucas kindly taking you in five years ago, who knows which gutter you'd be rotting in right now!"

"Every penny you've spent, every bite of food you've eaten, it's all thanks to Lucas's generosity! Without him, you're nothing!"

Lucas also shielded Yvette behind him, glaring at me furiously. "Aria, what's wrong with you!"

"I work my ass off outside, give you a home, let you manage the money - that's because I trust you! Your money is my money, isn't it? What's wrong with using some of it to buy Yvette a dress? What right do you have to make such a fuss? Don't forget, I've supported you for five years!"

"Don't think you can turn the tables just because you got a little hurt. Let me tell you, without me, you're nothing!"

"Is that so?" I looked at his face, flushed red with guilt, the last trace of attachment in my heart disappearing. I forcefully shook off his hand.

"Lucas Lin, we'll soon see who is nothing without whom."

But Lucas kept staring at me intently. "Who said you could leave me?"

"So what if the marriage certificate is fake? We've lived together for five years, our relationship is real, isn't it?"

"Don't worry, to the outside world, you'll always be my wife."

"Lucas darling, sister must be in shock. We should give her some time to accept it," Yvette interjected, seeing the situation. She curled her lips into a malicious smile, deliberately emphasizing the word "sister".

Then she turned to me, her nose in the air: "By the way, Lucas and I had quite a night yesterday. Go change the sheets and wash them, will you?"

"Remember to wash them by hand. They're silk, don't ruin them in the washing machine."

As she spoke, she deliberately thrust out her chest, making sure I could see the love bites on her neck.

Lucas also glanced at me, as if everything was perfectly normal.

"Yvette's right, you should find more things to do. Then you won't have time for these silly thoughts."

He flashed Yvette a playful, indulgent smile: "Looks like you're not tired yet. Let's continue tonight."

