---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/409/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/409/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

Female beastkin were scarce in this world, and just like in my previous life, Brody, the tiger beastman, brought my cousin and me back to his tribe.

Brody was the leader of the nearby Soar Tribe, powerful and handsome.

The moment we arrived at the tribe, a large group of bare-chested beastkin swarmed us, buzzing with questions.

“Chief Brody, what did you hunt?”

“Oh my goodness, it’s a she-beastkin! And she’s so beautiful!”

“Only Chief Brody could find such a rare she-beastkin!”

Just like me in my previous life, under the [Beloved System]’s influence, Brittany received the welcome and adoration of all the beastkin.

Facing so many intense gazes, Brittany clung to Brody, all innocent and demure. I overheard her talking to her system, her tone surprisingly critical:

“System, besides Brody, none of these beastkin are very handsome.”

“My leading men must be absolute top-tier alphas. Only then will I allow them to grovel at my feet.”

“Just like Skylar in the last life, she had handsome snake-kin, the Young Lord of Eagle City… This time, they’ll all be mine.”

I shook my head from the side, secretly laughing at my cousin’s naivety.

Memories flooded my mind.

In my previous life, after transmigrating from a civilized modern society to this savage beastmen world, Brittany, wanting technological security, had snatched the [Nation-Building Tech System].

Females were rare in this world, so polyandry was practiced.

Under the influence of the [Beloved System], the top male beastkin of the entire world pursued me, revering me as a goddess.

 Brittany only saw my sweet life, being pampered by powerful male beastkin. But she didn't see how I was practically held captive, constantly pressured to birth new children.

Mindful of our relationship before transmigrating, I tried my best to mediate among the male beastkin, asking them to let Brittany stay by my side. She had freedom and didn’t have to be a birthing tool like me.

I never expected that my softheartedness would be my undoing.

The night before I was due to give birth, Brittany burst in and shot me directly in the stomach.

As I lay dying, spitting blood, I clutched at her and asked why. 

Her face was twisted with cruel malice.

 “Skylar, how dare you ask why? Ever since we came to this world, you’ve had the best of everything, so many men falling over themselves for you.

 I was consumed with jealousy.”

Only then did I realize that all my consideration for her, in her eyes, had just been a show-off.

Turns out, karma was watching. This life, I got a do-over.

Watching Brittany, surrounded by all the beastkin, I secretly smiled. This ‘blessing’ is all yours now. Enjoy it.

