---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/409/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/409/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/409/1/"
---

The beastkin buzzed around Brittany, trying every trick in the book to win her favor.

Brody got angry. “Brittany is my she-beastkin! Who dares to even think about her?”

When the Chief spoke, the surrounding beastkin, no matter how unwilling, had no choice but to shut up.

Brittany, watching Brody’s protective jealousy, was flushed with sweet delight.

Just as the atmosphere was joyous and harmonious, an arrogant, wolf-eared beastman walked in.

“Chief Brody, it’s tribute day today. Don’t tell me you forgot.”

I was stunned. I wondered if my rebirth had caused a butterfly effect; this event had moved up.

In my previous life, the Soar Tribe and Wolf Cloud City had clashed. The Soar Tribe was defeated and forced to relocate, agreeing to offer she-beastkin to Wolf Cloud City on a certain day.

My cousin and I were outsiders, with no real ties to the tribe. Brody, who had taken a liking to me, had planned to offer Brittany to the Wolf Cloud City Lord.

I learned from Brody that the Wolf Cloud City Lord was ugly and brutal. I begged Brody to let Brittany stay, saving her life.

This time, however, Brittany glanced at me, then pulled Brody, who was still in a standoff with the Wolf Cloud City envoy, and whispered a few words to him.

The next second, Brody pointed at me:

“Envoy, this is the she-beastkin our tribe will offer to the City Lord. Take her.”

I looked at Brittany. As expected, a look of satisfying revenge spread across her face.

I scoffed, not at all surprised.

The Wolf Tribe envoy looked at me, his eyes lighting up. He nodded in satisfaction. I knew what he was satisfied with.

 Though my looks were average in modern society, here, I was considered fair-skinned and beautiful. More importantly, my slender build fit their perverted City Lord’s aesthetic.

The Wolf Cloud City envoy grabbed me. I almost struggled, but then I thought, I have my own way to protect myself now. 

Why not go to a different place and really make my mark, build my own power? So I calmed down, not moving, allowing myself to be taken obediently.

Before I left, Brittany smugly came to see me off.

“Skylar, that City Lord is old and ugly. Enjoy him.”

“Now, no one can steal my protagonist halo.”

I smiled.

I mouthed something to her: “Just you wait, cousin.” I was rewarded by seeing her face go pale.

