---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/198/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/198/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

asper's childhood friend insisted on climbing a rugged mountain on her birthday, despite the bad weather. And I, three months pregnant, was the only one experienced enough to lead the climb.

Ignoring my desperate pleas, he casually remarked, "Adeline, take Fiona to the summit for her birthday, and I'll allow you to stay by my side."

I stood frozen, silent for a long time, then replied, "Okay."

Suddenly, a storm hit the mountain. I got drenched while saving Jasper, who slipped off a cliff, and was struck by falling rocks that broke my arm, causing severe bleeding and excruciating pain.

Jasper, however, took the only survival blanket and wrapped it around Fiona, who remained dry and comfortable in the cave.

"Fiona has never climbed a mountain and is weak. You have rescue experience, so don't compete with her!"

I lay in the mud, developing a high fever, clutching my painfully aching abdomen, my throat too hoarse to utter a word.

Even so, Jasper didn't spare me a glance.

On the brink of death, I shakily took out a yellowing photo from my pocket. The person in it smiled gently, resembling Jasper by seventy percent. I softly pressed the photo to my cold lips and closed my eyes.

Seven years ago, Asher died from exposure during a storm trying to save me on a wild mountain, leaving no remains behind. His dying wish was for me to take care of his only brother.

Now, a life for a life, the debt is repaid, and it's time for me to go.

