---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/201/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/201/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

From the first day that human woman was brought back.

I sensed Gideon's special attention to her.

He gave her the best cave for shelter.

He even cleared the hot springs on the mountain for her to bathe.

Wolves eat raw meat.

But humans aren't accustomed to it.

Gideon would select the tenderest piece of meat, roast it over a fire, and season it with cumin, something we rarely use.

The cumin smell was overwhelming.

Every time the pack smelled it, they felt uneasy.

But Gideon is the alpha.

No one can question what the alpha does or says.

And as the luna, I had to quell the pack's dissent for my husband's dignity.

I privately advised Gideon that it wasn't worth it for a human woman.

But he didn't care.

He even took the warrior wolves to the tiger's territory, skinned a striped tiger alive, and made her a blanket.

For a mere blanket, the peaceful relations between the wolf pack and the tiger clan turned hostile again.

We kept watch day and night, fearing a tiger attack.

The wolf pack is pure-hearted.

No one would think the illustrious alpha would do anything with an outsider.

Besides, the alpha has a luna.

In a wolf's life.

There is only one mate.

That never changes.

I remained loyal, guarding the territory, defending the pack, and establishing the alpha's prestige.

Unfortunately.

I was wrong.

Wolves, like humans, can change their hearts.

