---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/428/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/428/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/428/1/"
---


Even though I had long decided to cut ties with her, seeing her vicious expression still made my heart ache.

No matter what, I was still the mother who gave birth to her and raised her. Yet she treated me like this.

I obediently stopped struggling and sat quietly in the car.

Because I knew Lily wasn't simply threatening me.

If I continued to make a fuss, she really would follow through on her words.

After all, in her eyes, her own birth mother was no different from a beggar on the street.

"That's more like it. As long as you obediently listen to us, we won't let you keep wandering homeless. We'll keep you in the Jiang house like a pet, since Grandpa still needs you."

"You probably don't understand the wealth of our Jiang family now."

She held up the Cartier watch on her wrist, waving it in front of me like she was showing off.

"This watch was a gift from Aunt Olivia. It cost over $70,000. You could never afford something like this in your entire life."

"As a poor beggar, you need to know your place. Don't try to put on airs in front of us. It won't do you any good."

Even though I was Lily's birth mother, it didn't stop her from lecturing me with the attitude of an elder.

Listening to her words, my whole body started trembling with anger.

I really didn't know what kind of environment the Jiang family was raising Lily in, to make her so utterly disrespectful.

Arriving at the Jiang house entrance, I immediately sent a message to my two adopted sons, telling them to come pick me up from the Jiang house right away.

I didn't want to stay in this place for even a second longer.

Just as I sent the message, a familiar figure walked out of the house.

"Sister, it's been so many years. How did you end up in such a sorry state?"

"You're bringing shame to our whole Lin family!"

The speaker was my sister, Olivia Lin.

Olivia's eyes were still full of disdain for me, and she even tilted her head up slightly as she spoke.

She seemed to have forgotten that she only got everything she has now because of my generosity.

"Olivia Lin, let go of me, and let go of yourself too!"

I tried to use a calm tone to communicate with Olivia.

She had always been strong-willed since childhood, liking to compete with me on everything.

For her sake, I had already given up too much.

My education, my family, even half my life I had given to her.

But she didn't seem to appreciate my good intentions at all.

She was still as arrogant as before.

Olivia looked at me mockingly.

"Let go of you? Do you even deserve to say such things in your current state?"

"Know your place. You're no different from a beggar now. From now on, as long as you behave like a good dog in our Jiang house, you can still enjoy some of the Jiang family's glory and wealth."

As she spoke, Olivia lightly clapped her hands, having a servant bring an exquisite gift box and place it in front of me.

"This is the birthday gift I prepared for Dad. It cost over $300,000. I'll let you have a good look today to broaden your horizons."

Saying this, Olivia took out a piece of Hetian jade from the box and held it out in front of me. Just as I was about to reach out and take it, Olivia suddenly slapped me hard across the face.

"Something like this is just for you to look at. Is it something someone of your status can touch? You may not mind the dirt, but I'm worried Dad will find it dirty!"

I was stunned by her sudden slap.

After a long while, I finally held back my tears and looked at her.

"If you didn't want me to touch it, why did you hold it out in front of me?"

Olivia chuckled.

"I just wanted to humiliate you a bit. Is that not allowed?"

My heart suddenly understood. She simply wanted to humiliate me.

Jack, who had been watching this whole scene, showed no intention of stopping it. There was even a hint of mockery in his eyes.

But I seemed to have gotten used to this kind of scene many years ago.

In their eyes, Olivia was not only beautiful, but also cultured. She could do no wrong.

No matter what she did, they would unconditionally shield her.

And I would always be the one to swallow my anger and grievances.

Most of the time, I didn't even have the right to argue with her.

Just then, the roar of car engines sounded outside.

My parents also arrived at the Jiang house, led by Jack's driver.

Olivia and Jack immediately walked over excitedly to help my parents out of the car.

"Dad, Mom!"

When they walked up to me, I softly moved my lips and called out to them.

But they just glanced at me coldly before walking into the house with Olivia and the others.

It seemed they found it beneath them to even say a word to their daughter.

I stood there watching their backs as they entered the house, feeling as if my whole being was being torn apart in pain.

