---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/134/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/134/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/134/1/"
---

In the end, I still went to the hotel.

This relationship was completely over as far as I was concerned.

I didn't want to have any more entanglements with Kevin after this.

So I wanted to break up with him face to face, and get back the key to my house.

After all, the place he was living in now was an apartment I had bought outright!

When I arrived at the hotel, Kevin saw that my hands were empty.

He immediately flew into a rage.

"Lily, what's wrong with you? Where are the painkillers I told you to buy?"

Zoe sat in the corner of the bed, looking pitiful as she said:

"Kevin, don't be angry. Big sis Lily was probably too tired after preparing for the wedding all day. She must have forgotten."

She knew full well that the groom had been called away from the wedding, yet she still spoke so casually about it.

Being mocked to my face like this, even though my heart was already in tatters, I still couldn't help but feel a stabbing pain.

My fingers slowly clenched into fists, almost drawing blood from my palms again.

When disappointment reaches a certain level, I didn't even have any tears left.

The cramped, intimate atmosphere of the lovers' hotel room was suffocating.

Kevin and I had been together since college.

It started with his crazy, passionate pursuit that gradually made me fall for him.

After we got together, he remembered every holiday better than I did, always surprising me with gifts.

Even when I would occasionally throw little tantrums, he would take all the blame on himself and patiently coax me.

My girlfriends often envied me for finding such a good boyfriend.

I thought the same, which is why I wanted to get married right after graduation.

But everything changed the day Kevin's childhood friend Zoe returned from abroad.

From that day on, Kevin's heart completely turned towards an outsider.

Between me and Zoe, I was always the one left behind.

Kevin affectionately ruffled Zoe's hair.

"Ah, you're always so understanding."

Then he walked over to me, frowning to show his displeasure.

"Why didn't you reply to my messages?"

My repeated concessions had only made Kevin more and more presumptuous.

He had abandoned our wedding and me, yet the first words out of his mouth were accusations.

I tried to calm myself, keeping my tone cold.

"I forgot."

Kevin was stunned, seemingly shocked by my tone.

I coldly raised my eyes to look at Kevin.

"Kevin, you stood me up again today."

Hearing this, a flash of guilt crossed his eyes, but he angrily defended himself.

"It's not like I did it on purpose. Zoe wasn't feeling well, I couldn't just ignore her, could I?"

"We can have the wedding another day, can't we? Lily, stop being so unreasonable, can you be more understanding?"

He had clearly done something wrong, yet he was trying to turn it back on me.

I no longer had the desire to argue with him, and forced myself to coldly spit out a sentence.

"Well, I don't want to wait for you anymore. Let's break up!"

With that, I turned decisively to leave.

"Lily, what the fuck did you just say?!"

Kevin shrieked and immediately chased after me.

At that moment, Zoe let out an "Oh no!" behind us.

Followed by the crisp sound of something shattering.

I stopped in confusion and turned to look. The next second, my eyes went wide.

On the ground was a jade pendant, smashed to pieces. It was the one Grandpa had gotten for me to keep me safe, by kowtowing step by step to the temple!

I stood there completely dumbfounded, with anger about to erupt.

When I came to my senses, I forcefully pushed Kevin away and rushed over to carefully pick up the pieces of the jade pendant.

"Why is my jade pendant with you?!"

I glared at Zoe, demanding an answer.

Kevin came over, looking very displeased as he grumbled.

"Lily, what are you freaking out about? You're going to scare Zoe."

I looked at Kevin in disbelief.

He clearly knew how important this jade pendant was to me, yet he could still say something like this so casually.

In an instant, a feeling of powerlessness crept over my heart.

The soft flesh of my palms was rubbed raw, bloody and mangled.

Sure enough, when it came to Zoe, I would always be the one to back down.

But this time it involved Grandpa. I didn't want to hold back anymore.

I raised my hand and slapped Kevin hard across the face.

"If you're blind, go to the hospital and get treated!"

"She stole the jade pendant Grandpa gave me without my permission, and then broke it. What right do you have to forgive her on my behalf?"

The room fell silent for a moment.

In the past, no matter how angry I got, I had never raised a hand to him.

Now it was Kevin's turn to be dumbfounded.

"You dare to slap me? Lily, you actually dare to hit me now?!"

He lunged at me and grabbed my neck, squeezing so hard I could barely breathe.

He glared at me, his eyes full of viciousness and hatred, as if looking at a mortal enemy.

I couldn't help but wonder, when did the person who once looked at me with nothing but love change like this?

I remember back when we weren't even together yet, I had posted a photo on social media of a tiny 2mm cut from a small knife.

Kevin waited outside my dorm at 4am just to bring me a first aid kit.

The young man's eyes were bright and clear, filled with concern.

It was at that moment that I was moved by his sincerity and agreed to date him.

But just half a year later, he could viciously berate me for the sake of another woman.

It was only now that I understood...

True feelings can change in an instant.