---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/474/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/474/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/474/2/"
---


Sophia looked at me with some irritation and said, "Jack, you have no right to speak CEO Gu's name. How dare you spread rumors about having a relationship with her? Are you trying to get me killed?"

Sophia's girlfriends also looked at me with righteous indignation.

"Jack, do you know how hard we worked to get this opportunity to pick up CEO Gu's husband today?"

"Sophia's company was acquired by CEO Gu last year. We all depend on CEO Gu for our livelihoods now. Only by pleasing CEO Gu's husband can Sophia's position be secure."

"Now you're here spreading rumors about having a connection with CEO Gu. Are you trying to ruin Sophia?"

I wiped the blood from the corner of my mouth and slowly turned my head, meeting Sophia's gaze.

Perhaps my look was too intimidating, as Sophia frowned, a flash of panic crossing her eyes.

Seeing Sophia's strange look at me, Lucas glared at me venomously, pointing at my nose and cursing, "Jack, you ungrateful bastard. Sophia has already agreed to take you in, don't you dare be so ungrateful and push your luck."

"Even if you hold a grudge against Sophia, you can't use this method to get revenge on her."

Hearing this, I felt like I was back three years ago.

No matter what I did, Lucas would always misinterpret my intentions and explain them to Sophia.

At first, Sophia would scold Lucas.

But later, she would follow Lucas's lead and blame me.

Just like now, Sophia scolded me with a tone of disappointment:

"Jealous fool."

But this time, she didn't continue berating me as she used to.

After a moment of silence, Sophia took out a check for $200,000 and placed it in front of me.

"For old times' sake, I won't do anything to you."

"Take the money and buy yourself some decent clothes. If you don't like taking care of kids, I'll help you find a respectable job in a few days."

"Don't worry, since CEO Gu acquired the company, this amount of money is nothing to me now."

Sophia's patronizing attitude made me sick. Seems like she's been doing well lately.

Under everyone's surprised gaze, I pushed away Sophia's hand holding the check, retrieved my watch from Lucas's hand, and said with a smile:

"No need, Ms. Song. I don't accept things from strangers."

