---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/412/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/412/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

The school gates opened.

Several security guards, wielding batons, rushed to surround my son.

I got out of my car and approached them. "Why is your school taking sides without investigating properly?"

"Didn't you see this child's acceptance letter being torn up by those people?"

A guard spat and sneered, "Who'd dare to mess with young master Nick? We're doing God's work here, teaching Mr. George's dog a lesson on his behalf!"

My face had been severely damaged and reconstructed after the incident. Even my voice had changed due to the burns.

My son didn't recognize me. Neither did my nephew, Nick.

The guards exchanged glances and growled, "Beat him up! He dares to mess with Mr. George's son!"

Although I only had my fists, I'd been through hell and back these past years.

Beating up a few watchdogs was child's play!

I dodged when I could and took hits when necessary, returning each with a punch that sent them flying, blood gushing from their mouths and noses.

My son, seeing me surrounded by the school guards, shouted, "Come at me! Leave the kind stranger alone!"

He tried to hold off some of the guards for me.

When I'd finished with the ones surrounding me, I saw my son cornered by several guards and those thugs.

Nick was jumping up and down, yelling, "Kill him!"

I grabbed Nick by the collar, threw him to the ground, and stepped on his ribs, breaking them. Coldly, I asked, "Who do you want to kill?"

