---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/186/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/186/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/186/2/"
---

"What happened? Why are you so scared? Don't you like the gift I gave you?"

I sneered, bending down to pick up the fallen box.

"But it was carefully prepared for you. How could you bear to drop it? Isn't this gift what you've been longing for?"

With a sarcastic tone, I pressed forward, watching Jude's face change subtly.

"What does this mean, honey? Don't joke around, so many people are watching."

Jude, feeling guilty, spoke in a panic.

"It's precisely because so many people are watching that I have to give you this! Jude, we're no longer married."

As soon as I said this, everyone reacted with shock. The rumors said I defied my family for a driver's son, not fearing ridicule, deeply in love, and unwavering. How could it be like this?

"What nonsense are you talking about, Nora? Did you misunderstand something? Don't scare me."

Jude pretended to grab my hand, which I quickly avoided.

"What's the meaning of this, dear? Stop playing games, everyone’s watching," Jude said anxiously, visibly shaken.

"It's because everyone's watching that I'm giving you this! Jude, we're no longer husband and wife." As soon as I said it, the room fell silent in shock. Everyone had heard the rumors that I defied my family for the driver's son, unafraid of ridicule, deeply in love with him forever. How could this scene be unfolding now?

"What are you saying, Nora? Did you misunderstand something? Don’t scare me." Jude pretended to reach for my hand, but I quickly pulled away.

"Don't touch me!" I shouted, glaring at him. "You make me sick! I haven't misunderstood anything; I just don't want to be with you anymore. These divorce papers are my gift to you."

I walked over to the master of ceremonies and picked up the contract, examining it for a few seconds. Jude was visibly anxious.

"Also, since you're no longer part of the Sullivan family, there's no need for you to be on the board of directors." I tore up the contract, letting the pieces scatter in the air. As they fell, I saw the despair in Jude's eyes.

"Nora, why are you suddenly treating me like this? Haven’t I been good enough?"

"Yeah, sister, this is not a place for jokes. Being so willful, where does that leave Dad’s dignity?" Cora chimed in, trying to stir trouble.

"You two are really in sync." I approached Cora with a cold expression.

"Were you and Jude this coordinated when you were having an affair?" My voice was low but clear enough for everyone to hear.

"What! This woman is messing around with Ms. Sullivan's husband? How shameless!"