---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/370/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/370/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/370/1/"
---


Back home.

My phone buzzed with a SnapChat friend request.

My heart fluttered. I knew instinctively who it was.

Sure enough, after accepting, I saw Sera's profile picture.

More precisely, it was a photo of her and Caleb from behind.

Her feed was filled with screenshots from the Davies family SnapChat group.

Three years ago, after she gave birth, everyone in the Davies family had sent their congratulations.

It turned out that after Caleb sent her away back then, she immediately contacted Mr. and Mrs. Davies.

She'd used their son to completely charm the elder Davies.

Caleb had compromised for his child, again and again.

When he lied to me about going on missions, he was actually spending time with them, mother and son.

Because of that, he missed both of my miscarriages.

He missed every one of my birthdays.

Her most recent post was a video.

The filming location was the hospital. Caleb was nervously watching Sera as she got her check-up.

When the doctor said the fetus was perfectly fine, he let out a sigh of relief.

He took the bangle he'd snatched from my wrist and placed it on hers.

Sera let him put it on, but protested with her words. "This is Mrs. Davies's, how can I wear it?"

Caleb leaned down and kissed her forehead. "You're always so considerate. Don't worry, if I give it to you, you wear it. After all, in Mom and Dad's social circle, you've already been Mrs. Davies for a while."

Sera shook her head. "I know you only love Aubrey. In your heart, only Aubrey is Mrs. Davies."

Caleb looked into her eyes, his voice, warm and melting like the spring snow. "Everything else besides love, I can give to you."

Then he eagerly kissed her lips.

At the end of the video, Sera provocatively glanced at the camera, then unbuttoned Caleb's shirt.

I pressed a hand to my chest, but I couldn't stop the cold wind that seemed to blow right into my bones.

I stumbled to my study.

With a firm hand, I signed the divorce papers.

Our divorce process didn't require a cooling-off period.

I told myself, *only three more days.*

In three days, I would never cry for Caleb Davies again.

The next day, Caleb called.

His voice was deliberately low. "Aubrey, I'm sorry about Mom and Dad yesterday. You know how elders are, they just want grandchildren."

"Since you can't have children, let Sera and the baby stay with them in the future. It'll save them from bothering you."

I scoffed. "Mr. Davies, you don't need to explain. We're already divorced."

Caleb's breathing hitched. His voice turned anxious. "Aubrey, are you mad? I told you, once the baby is born, we'll remarry..."

"Wait for me, I'm coming home now."

I didn't bother listening, hanging up directly.

I started clearing out my old belongings.

My gaze fell on a blood-stained shirt, and I drifted into thought.

Caleb and I met five years ago.

I had been dragged into a dark alley by some thugs when a man saved me, even taking a knife for me.

In the darkness, I hadn't seen his face clearly.

But when I woke up in the hospital, what I saw was that blood-stained shirt and Caleb sitting by my bedside.

My gratitude turned to affection.

We spent five years together.

Because of his special identity, our marriage was kept secret.

He said it was to protect me.

I once cherished that secretive affection.

Now, it was nothing but a joke.

I snapped back to reality and threw the shirt, along with all my other old belongings, into the trash.

Who knew, Caleb actually came back.

