---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/109/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/109/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

As I stepped out of the room, my younger son and daughter ran over, “Dad, where are you going?”

I hesitated, and Phoebe immediately laughed.

Her friends shouted, “Wow! That was fast. Not even half a minute!”

“No wonder he's such a devoted follower. He's getting paid, getting paid!”

Phoebe knew my weak spot.

Even if these two kids were fathered by someone else, I raised them myself.

I couldn't bear to leave them.

My son and daughter looked at me hesitantly, “Dad, what’s wrong with you? You smell awful.”

Phoebe got up and kicked me like a dog, “I heard you slept with a woman. At least wash off the stench. What would the kids think?”

I glared back at her, unable to hold back, “And what about bringing the kids to a place like this?”

At that moment, Finn came out of the bathroom, and the two kids immediately ran to hug him, “Uncle Asher, we missed you so much!”

Finn looked at me with a challenging gaze, “So, do you like your dad more or Uncle Asher?”

“Of course, Uncle Asher!”

Finn smugly handed them a piece of cake, “Uncle has a little cake for you.”

The kids, who had never seen a cake before after all these years with me, were drooling at the sight.

Finn elongated his words, “But only good kids get to eat cake.”

Before I could understand what he meant, my son lunged at me and bit me hard, “You jerk!”

My beloved daughter walked up to me, slapped me, and hugged Finn, saying, “You're a dirty nobody, poor and always with women. You're disgusting! I don't want you as my dad! I want Daddy Asher!”

Finn was extremely pleased, “Gideon, look at what you've taught the kids, using foul language and doing such things in front of them.”

Phoebe looked at me with disgust, “Is this the kind of children you raise?”

My hand, my face, and my heart all hurt.

The two kids who had just insulted me were now devouring the cake beside Finn.

They humiliated me for a piece of cake.

My heart broke, “I’m not fit to be their father. Let’s get a divorce.”

I handed the divorce papers to Phoebe again.

Phoebe walked toward me, mockingly tore up the papers, “Gideon, you know Grandma will never agree to our divorce. You want me to sign, just to tattle to Grandma about Asher? Dream on!”