---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/109/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/109/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/109/1/"
---

“You're unbelievable!”

I was furious, thinking of my sick son at home, and was about to leave.

Phoebe grabbed my hair, “What, got a woman waiting for you in bed? We’re celebrating me being pregnant with Asher’s kid. Make us happy, and you can go.”

Her friends egged me on, “Gideon, you’re here, might as well join the fun.”

“Yeah, it’s a rare gathering. Tell us, how do you handle all those women? Still got your stamina?”

“Do you deal with them one by one, or all together? Hahaha!”

The kids finished their cake and looked at me expectantly.

I couldn't stand it, “Phoebe! The kids are here. How can you let them say such things?”

Phoebe snorted, “But you don't find it disgusting to do such things in front of them.”

“Show us how you usually take care of the kids. Or maybe, give us a demonstration?”

Her friends excitedly jumped up, “Phoebe, I’ll play the lead!”

“I’ll be the second lead!”

Without hesitation, they pulled me onto the sofa, touching me over my pants, “Gideon, don’t be shy, just let loose.”

My son and daughter stared at me, “That's not how it is! Dad is usually on the bottom!”

I couldn’t believe my ears, struggling to push away the person in front of me.

She grabbed my hand, “Oh, you like it rough.”

“Looks like you’ve been busy. Even your niece and nephew know your moves!”

My torn clothes exposed bruises and hickeys.

Extreme shame washed over me. But they were even more excited, “Such a wild man! Look at those muscles, must be a beast!”

My daughter said again, “Mom, where are the third and fourth leads? Dad likes a crowd.”

Her words shattered my worldview. I couldn't believe my cherished daughter said such things for half a piece of cake, “Nora, who taught you this nonsense!”

Frightened, my daughter hid behind Phoebe, “Mom, I’m not lying. Dad wasn’t like this before, he used to enjoy it!”

My heart went cold.

Phoebe frowned at me, “Even with scum like this, you guys can still have fun? Who knows how many diseases he has.”

The person with me was getting more excited, “Phoebe, you don’t know, experienced men are thrilling...”

The room fell silent.

Phoebe’s face turned dark, and they let go of me.

I hurriedly crawled to the corner to put on my tattered clothes.

Phoebe held Finn’s chin and said, “I don’t want Asher’s eyes dirtied. Drink all the wine on the table, consider it our celebration.”

The person was annoyed, “Such fine wine, Gideon, you’ve never seen it, right? Consider yourself lucky.”

I couldn’t handle alcohol, but for my son, I forced myself to drink.

I was dizzy, “Can I go now?”

Phoebe raised an eyebrow.

Just as I stepped out, I remembered something important and turned back.