---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/109/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/109/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/109/2/"
---

Standing awkwardly in front of Phoebe, “Phoebe, my son is sick, I don’t have money for his treatment…”

For years, I’ve taken care of ten kids alone, with a seriously ill Grandma in the hospital, while being bullied and exploited.

I had no money for my son's treatment.

Phoebe laughed, “So, you want money. My money doesn’t grow on trees. Can’t let you take it for nothing.”

I felt a chill, “What do you want?”

“Here, you earn it by skill.”

Phoebe slapped a stack of cash on the table, “How much you get depends on your ability.”

The group got interested again, “Gideon, a drink for a bill, how about it?”

The 96-proof liquor was too much for me.

Finn whispered something to my daughter, who immediately rushed at me, slapping me hard, “Weren’t you good at drinking and sleeping with women? Why aren’t you earning money now?”

She cried and hugged Phoebe, “Mom, take me away. I don’t want to live with this dirty nobody…”

Fueled by alcohol, I lunged at Finn, “What did you say to my daughter! What have you taught her?”

Phoebe lost her patience, kicked me hard, “Gideon, are you done acting? Aren’t you disgusting enough! I’m nauseous at night, Asher can’t take it, you serve.”

I was desperate, “Phoebe, my son is really sick! I need to take care of him!”

Earlier, I was about to go to the prison to welcome Phoebe.

But those women got drunk and caused trouble, clinging to me.

My five-year-old biological son tried to protect me, but they mercilessly beat him until he was covered in blood, now lying in bed unable to move.

Phoebe sneered, “You just want to trick me into sleeping with you, right? Gideon, look at your disgusting self, which woman would want you? In my heart, there’s only Asher.”

“Take care of me until Asher’s child is born safely. I’ll have someone treat that little bastard.”

I reluctantly agreed and returned home with Phoebe. Only then did I realize she never went bankrupt.

She never went to jail.

She just avoided me, wanting to punish me.

But I didn’t care anymore. I just wanted my son to live.

In the middle of the night, Finn said he was hungry, wanting me to cook.

He ate my food and vomited.

Phoebe grabbed me up and slapped me hard, “You scum, are you trying to poison Asher?”

"You need to keep me happy until Asher's child is safely born. I'll have someone take care of that little brat."

I had no choice but to agree. I went home with Phoebe. It was then that I realized she had never gone bankrupt, nor had she been in jail. She was simply hiding from me, intent on punishing me. But I no longer cared about that; all I wanted was for my son to survive.

In the middle of the night, Finn said he was hungry and asked me to make him something to eat. After eating, he vomited everything up. Phoebe grabbed me and slapped me hard, "You scumbag, are you trying to poison Asher?"