---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/346/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/346/more/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

Chapter 1

Liam and I were reborn at the same time.

In our past life, we were inseparable, loving each other until we were old and gray.

This time around, I was eagerly anticipating him proposing to me just like he did before.

But instead, he hired a hypnotist to erase my memories, and then he turned around and married my half-sister, Brittany.

“Madison, in the last life, Brittany was married off to a foreign country where she suffered terribly and died. I don't want her to go through that again, so I have to marry her.”

“I don’t want to hurt you, so after the hypnosis, you’ll forget about me. Once I help Brittany out of danger, I’ll find the hypnotist to restore your memories. Then I’ll divorce her and marry you in style.”

Seeing that his mind was made up, I didn't hesitate and agreed to the hypnosis.

He didn't know that once this hypnosis began, the memories couldn't be recovered at all.

In five days, I would completely forget him.

1.

“The hypnosis is complete, Mr. Faulkner.”

The hypnotist put away his pocket watch.

Liam Faulkner looked at me, having just completed the hypnosis, his eyes full of unease.

“I know you don’t like Brittany. You must be angry that I’m marrying her.”

“But don’t worry, I would never do anything to hurt you. You're the heiress, so being married off to a foreign country will definitely never happen to you. Brittany is just the illegitimate daughter of the Campbell family. If I don't help her, she will die in a foreign land again.”

“I really can’t bear it. Can you understand me?”

I stared at him, my eyes a little dazed.

I didn’t know when this man, who had always been so loving to me, had started to feel sorry for Brittany.

He knew perfectly well that Brittany's mother had threatened my mom with death, which forced her to agree to my dad bringing Brittany back to the Campbell family.

Because of that, my mom passed away depressed.

He also knew that ever since we met, Brittany had always snatched things that were supposed to be mine. I had always resented her.

But now he wanted to protect her with all his heart.

Seeing that I didn't speak, Liam furrowed his brow slightly, looking a little flustered.

“You’ve been hypnotized and will soon forget about me. I promise you won't be sad because I'm marrying someone else.” “When it’s all over, I’ll find the hypnotist to restore your memory. You’ll forget what happened during this time, and we can go back to the way we were.”

The hypnotist next to him was about to say something, but Liam interrupted him.

“Alright, that’s enough from you.”

I knew what the hypnotist wanted to say.

Hypnosis doesn't make you lose your memory immediately. It slowly makes you lose your memory under psychological suggestion.

But with such a long and deep hypnosis, the memory could not be restored.

I looked at Liam and smiled.

“Since you've already made up your mind and confessed to her, you don't need to keep explaining it to me. Just make sure you can handle the consequences.”

Seeing that I wasn't angry, Liam breathed a sigh of relief, a hint of a smile appearing in his deep eyes.

“Since I'm going to do it, I'm naturally confident. Madison, don't worry, I can handle the consequences.”

I was about to say something when a sharp pain suddenly shot through my head. My vision went black, and my body fell backward uncontrollably.

Liam quickly grabbed me, his face anxious.

“Does your head hurt? I checked, the hypnosis won’t hurt your body. I’ll go find a doctor to take a look at you right now.”

As he said that, he was about to pick me up.

I reached out and held him back, swaying unsteadily, my mind blank for a moment.

Instinctively, I asked, “What doctor? Why are you here?”

Hearing my words, Liam paused, seeming to understand something, a hint of joy flashing in his eyes.

He immediately let go of me.

“Madison, I’m here to propose to your sister. We’ve decided to be together. She’s marrying me in five days. From now on, you have to call me brother-in-law.”

I was stunned for a few seconds before realizing that the hypnosis was taking effect, making me forget what had just happened. But Liam thought I had forgotten everything.

Looking at the joy in Liam's eyes, my heart couldn't help but ache.

But on the surface, I forced a smile.

Since he wanted to act, I would play along with him. It was a way to settle our feelings from both lives.

“Congratulations, you’re finally getting your wish.”

At this moment, Brittany came running over and hooked her arm around Liam's.

She stood between us, her eyes red, looking aggrieved.

“Sis, aren’t you the one who looks down on people who ruin other people's relationships the most?”

“You and Liam are getting married, and you're still meeting him in private. How is that different from the people you hate?”

Liam's face darkened.

“Don’t talk nonsense. Your sister and I are innocent. Nothing happened!”

He subconsciously defended me, and Brittany immediately burst into tears.

She looked at me.

“I know you’ve always looked down on me. Maybe in your eyes, I should give you everything. But not Liam. He’s the man I love the most.”

“And he only loves me. I’m going to marry him no matter what. Please have some self-awareness. Don’t meet with him alone anymore. Don’t ruin us.”

Liam pursed his lips, seemingly feeling sorry for her tears. He reached out to wipe them away, his tone softening a little.

“You misunderstood. I just came to ask your sister what you like. Don't be so nervous. I'll be more careful in the future. I won't make you sad anymore.”

“Didn’t you say you wanted to go see wedding dresses today? I’ll take you right now.”

2.

Listening to Liam's gentle words and seeing the intimacy between them, I couldn't help but wonder.

Perhaps, Liam wanted me to lose my memory forever.

Perhaps, in his wholehearted love for me in the past life, there was always a trace of pity for Brittany.

So after being reborn, the first thing he did was to protect her.

If he had feelings for her, then why did he come and bother me?

Saying that he would come back after it was all over?

Liam then looked down at me, saying gently.

“I’ll go with Brittany to try on wedding dresses first. If you’re not feeling well, go see a doctor. You’re weak, don’t delay.”

I chuckled softly, my eyes indifferent.

“You should worry more about your fiancée. I don't need you to worry about me.”

Liam was stunned for a moment, seemingly not expecting me to be so cold.

But then he remembered that my memory had disappeared due to hypnosis, and his brows relaxed a little.

He nodded at me and left with Brittany.

Brittany clung tightly to his arm, almost pressed against his body.

And he just smiled dotingly, not pushing her away.

My face was pale, and I suppressed the heartache, comforting myself softly.

“It's just changing to a different life. It's okay.”

Not long after, my best friend, Olivia, came to find me.

She was very close to me, and when she saw me, she was so angry that she was teary-eyed.

“Madison, Liam used to love you so much, he would have given his life for you. How did he end up chasing after your scheming sister? Is he out of his mind?”

“The Weinsten family from overseas has proposed again. They wanted to marry Brittany last time, but it didn’t work out. This time they specifically named you.”

“Your dad is making you choose. Either you win Liam back and marry him, or you have to marry abroad in place of Brittany.”

I helped her wipe away her tears, saying calmly.

“I won’t snatch him back. He doesn’t need me, and I don’t care about him. I might as well marry abroad.”

Here, I seemed to have a complete family, but in reality, I didn't belong.

Since I had to face marriage anyway, I might as well choose to marry into a wealthy family.

Although I heard that the young master overseas was eccentric and difficult to get along with, as long as I was careful, I should be able to handle it.

In the past life, after Brittany married over there, she made too many demands and always caused trouble, so she suffered a lot.

As long as I was well-behaved, it shouldn't be difficult to deal with.

Olivia was shocked. I told her about Liam hypnotizing me.

She was instantly furious, her eyes red.

“Liam is such a jerk! He treated you like that for Brittany. Didn’t he consider your feelings at all? He’s the worst!”

“But I’m sure he still loves you, otherwise he wouldn’t have gone through with the hypnosis, and still thought about continuing things with you. But the hypnosis can't restore the memories at all."

"I want to see the day he finds out the truth and regrets it!”

I lowered my eyes, not saying anything.

I didn't care whether he regretted it or not.

In five days, the memories of him would disappear completely. It wouldn't be up to me to care about him anymore.

3.

The next day, the Weinsten family sent over the engagement gifts.

Looking at the various luxurious gifts that were displayed from the door all the way to the living room, a hint of surprise flashed in my eyes.

When Brittany married over there in the past life, she didn't have this kind of treatment.

I heard that the heir of the wealthy family was difficult to get along with, so Brittany felt neglected.

Maybe the family felt that they were changing the bride this time, and they wanted to show sincerity, so they made this special arrangement.

I opened the gift list and saw the name of the heir: River Weinsten.

The name sounded pretty good.

Moreover, he seemed to be of Asian descent.

And the wedding was scheduled for four days later.

I tugged at the corner of my mouth, which was the same day as Liam and Brittany's wedding.

How coincidental.

He was marrying Brittany in the country, and I was marrying abroad.

There would be no more ties between us for the rest of our lives.

After packing my luggage, I went to the lively night market.

In the center of the night market, someone was performing street magic. The wonderful performance drew cheers from the surrounding audience.

I watched, a little lost in thought.

In the past life, Liam practiced magic hard to give me a surprise.

He accidentally got injured during the practice, leaving a noticeable scar.

I blamed him in distress, but he smiled at me under the light, his eyes full of love.

“Madison, the scar on my hand is a mark for you. I can’t leave you in this life. From now on, all my heart will burn only for you.”

"Wow!"

With a burst of exclamations from the audience, the performance ended, and the magician took off his mask.

My breath hitched. It was Liam!

The scene overlapped with the past life. He smiled and walked towards me, his eyes burning, full of affection.

"Was it good?"

My eyes were red, and my body trembled slightly.

Just when I thought everything had returned to the way it was, and all the events after rebirth were just a nightmare, I suddenly heard sweet laughter behind me, particularly jarring.

"It was good." Brittany ran forward and happily took Liam's hand.

"Liam, thank you for the exclusive performance you prepared for me."

My raised foot slowly fell.

A tear rolled down my cheek, my heart full of bitterness.

So he could leave a scar for me, and he could do it for others.

He said he just wanted to save her, but it turned out that he needed to give so much sincerity.

Then why did he bother? If he couldn’t bear to be without her so much, he should have given up on me from the beginning.

I turned to leave, and someone called out to me from behind.

Liam strode forward, his brow furrowed, his voice anxious.

“Madison, it really is you. It’s so late, why are you here alone? What if you run into bad people?”

I looked at his anxious appearance, my eyes without a trace of warmth.

“Liam, what I do doesn’t seem to have anything to do with you.”

“You’re about to be my brother-in-law. It’s not appropriate to call my name, is it?”

Liam's face stiffened.

Brittany affectionately hooked her arm around his, her eyes hiding pride.

“Sis, Liam and I are getting married soon. You’re my sister, so you’ll be his family in the future too. He loves me so much, so he cares about you as well, isn’t that normal?”

“I saw you watching the magic show very carefully just now. Liam learned it for me, and he hurt his hand in the process. Do you think it was good?”

My expression was calm, and I smiled slightly.

“It was good. He put a lot of effort into it for you.”

Liam stared at me, a gentle light in his eyes.

"Do you… want to see it again? If you like it, I can perform it for you again.”

I looked at him calmly.

"She's your fiancée. It's right for you to make her happy. What would it mean for you to perform for me?"

"Don't tell me you still have other thoughts about me? A fickle man would only make me feel disgusted."

In the night, Liam's face was pale, and he stared blankly at me, unable to say a word.

I turned around, “I won’t disturb you. I’m leaving.”

4.

Suddenly, a runaway motorcycle rushed towards us.

It was too fast. Before I could react, Liam had instinctively put his arms around me.

We just barely dodged the impact.

“Madison, don’t be afraid.”

I was stunned.

The next second, Brittany's crying came.

“Liam, it hurts so much.”

He immediately let go of me and ran towards Brittany.

The force of being pushed made me hit the stone stool on the side of the road, and my palm was scraped, bleeding.

I endured the pain and stood firm. I saw Liam already holding Brittany in his arms.

He was so anxious that his eyes were red.

"Brit, I'll take you to the hospital right away. When I find the person who was riding the bike, I'll make him pay and apologize to you!"

The stinging pain in my palm hit me wave after wave. I stood silently in place, watching Liam carry Brittany away in a hurry.

I smiled, tears in my eyes.

I was the first person he reacted to protect, but I wasn't his final choice.

If it can't be consistent, then I'd rather not have it.

Forever, I don't want it anymore.

The wedding day arrived soon.

The Weinsten family chartered a private plane to pick me up.

Olivia came to see me off, her eyes red.

“Madison, I don’t want you to go, but this is the choice you made yourself. I support you.”

“Don’t worry, I won’t let that heartless guy get away with it. After you leave, I’ll definitely send them a big gift that they’ll never forget for the rest of their lives!”

I smiled slightly. I wasn't sad anymore.

Today was the last day. Everything about Liam had become very vague.

Presumably, I would forget everything soon.

As the car passed by my house, I saw the long line of cars picking up the bride at the Faulkner's house through the car window.

He was wearing a handsome suit, carefully helping Brittany into the wedding car, his movements incredibly gentle.

"Brit, be careful, don't bump your head."

In the past life, he was like that to me.

At that time, he was high-spirited, cautiously helping me into the wedding car, his eyes full of love.

"Madison, if you bump yourself, my heart will ache to death."

Now, seeing these loving actions again, exactly the same as what he did to me in the past life.

He said it was just acting, but he was probably deeply immersed in it, completely unaware.

The people around were happily blessing them.

I said softly.

"Then I wish you and me, not to meet again in this life, and to be well."

As Liam and Brittany's wedding car turned the corner, it happened to brush past the car taking me to the airport.

He inadvertently raised his eyes and felt that the figure in the car looked familiar. A trace of unease welled up in his heart.

But he quickly calmed down, mocking himself inwardly.

"How could it be Madison going abroad? She’s the Campbell family's heiress. Just wait a little longer. After the wedding, I'll go pick her up. For the rest of my life, I'll never let her down again."

The wedding car arrived at the wedding venue, and he helped Brittany out of the car.

For some reason, he still felt a little uneasy in his heart.

Before the wedding began, he called his assistant over.

“Find out what Madison is doing today and where she went.”

The assistant was a little confused, replying.

“Mr. Faulkner, Miss Campbell is getting married abroad today. The person in the car just now was her. Didn’t you know?”
