---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/184/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/184/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/184/1/"
---

Furious, I rushed to the training ground.

"Finn Beckett! On what grounds did you kick me out of the racing team?"

"I am the team captain you personally appointed, so I can decide who stays or leaves."

His smug look made me sick.

"Have you forgotten how desperate you used to be?"

"Losing to me five years in a row, terminated by your former racing team, it was I who took you in..."

"Smack!"

Finn Beckett, enraged, slapped me down and stomped on my wrist.

"You witch! How dare you talk!"

"Weren't you just afraid I’d win one day, that’s why you made me a stupid navigator!"

Other team members couldn’t bear it and criticized Finn Beckett for being ungrateful.

"Say one more word, and you’ll be kicked out of the team with her!"

Finn Beckett shouted, pressing harder. My face turned pale with pain, but I gritted my teeth and sneered.

"Do you think the team can exist without me?"

Finn Beckett sneered and slapped my face.

"Trying to threaten me with sponsors?"

With those words, Eloise came up beside him. She looked down at me, saying she signed many endorsements after debuting.

"With me here, your sponsors are nothing!"

Their eyes looked at me like I was an ant. But they didn’t know, the so-called sponsors were just icing on the cake. The real backer of this racing team was the Quinn family.

If I wanted, I could dissolve the team with a word. As for Eloise’s endorsements, I helped her get them.

"Your hand is ruined, the team is gone, let’s see how you win against me!"

With that, Finn Beckett kicked me aside and left with Eloise in his arms. The team members helped me up, all saying they’d follow me.

I looked in the direction Finn Beckett left and spoke coldly.

"Don’t rush, the time isn’t right yet."

I want him to lose everything at the peak of his complacency. However, news of me being kicked out of the team and the "harsh words"

I said to Eloise at the hospital quickly spread. Netizens eagerly awaited my exit from the industry, while also harshly criticizing me as a petty frenemy.

I didn’t say a word in defense and instead reached out to Lachlan. He was the racing driver whose skills were only second to mine in recent years. Knowing I wanted to join, he agreed without hesitation.

Returning to the track a few days later, I realized the severity of the problem. My wrist injury made it difficult to return to my peak.

Just as I was troubled by this, an even worse situation arose. Finn Beckett not only poached all of Lachlan’s team members but came with Eloise to provoke.

It turned out they wanted Lachlan to kick me out, but he refused. So in anger, they emptied his team. Finn Beckett looked at me with resentment, and his words were meaningful.

"What did you offer this guy to make him protect you so much?"

Eloise chimed in at the right moment.

"What else could it be? Her hand is ruined, but her body can still be used, right?"

I couldn’t endure it any longer and slapped her.

"Don’t think everyone is as despicable as you two scumbags!"

Seeing his sweetheart get hit, Finn Beckett raised his fist to defend her. But Lachlan, who was half a head taller, stopped him. In the end, he could only throw a vicious "just you wait" and leave in embarrassment.

I looked at Lachlan standing in front of me, feeling very guilty.

"Sorry for dragging you into this."

He glanced back at me, shrugged indifferently as if he didn’t care at all. I was full of doubts but didn’t feel right to ask. To solve the current predicament, I immediately contacted the Quinn family-sponsored racing teams from various countries.