---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/184/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/184/5/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/184/3/"
---

After a few days of working together, Lachlan even said my instructions were far better than his previous navigator's.

Training proceeded smoothly.

Until, half a month later, we were invited to participate in a charity race.

When we showed up on the track without any team members, all the media thought I had really hit rock bottom.

"Nora Quinn used to be so glamorous, now she doesn't even have a team?"

"Not only no team, but she's also teamed up with her former defeated opponent, how embarrassing!"

Reporters loudly discussed my "downfall" for everyone to hear.

Finn Beckett and Eloise approached, surrounded by a crowd.

He started with sharp and sarcastic remarks, clapping mockingly.

"I heard your cars got burned, no cars, and you still have the gall to come?"

"Afraid you'll never get another chance to race, so you don't care about your reputation anymore?"

"What a piece of junk to show up with?"

He pointed at the old racing car we borrowed temporarily.

Lachlan's former team members jeered along with him.

"Luckily we joined Finn! Otherwise, we might have ended up in a fatal car accident!"

My former teammates stood by, their faces dark with anger.

I gave them a reassuring look, signaling them to hold on a little longer.

As we prepared to enter the track, Lachlan stopped me.

"Your hand isn't healed yet, let me do it."

Before I could respond, he was already in the car with his helmet on.

The race began under the expectant gaze of the crowd.

But at the first turn, Finn maliciously cut in front of Lachlan's car.

The two cars scraped closely, sparking a series of sparks.

He repeated the same tricks at several more turns.

What was supposed to be a charity race turned highly competitive under his provocation.

After winning first place, Finn deliberately walked to the stands, shaking sweat from his hair in front of me.

Like a dog just out of water.

"Teaming up with such a second-rate driver, Nora Quinn, how do you expect to beat me?"

Finishing his words, he snatched the reporter's microphone in a self-assumed suave manner.

"I'm sure everyone knows about the bet between me and Nora Quinn, but for old time's sake, I don't want to bully her too much!"

"So I've decided to let my new girlfriend, also a popular actress, Miss Eloise, be my navigator!"

In a rally race, a navigator is like the driver's eyes.

Choosing someone who knows nothing as a navigator is like driving blind.

He's trying to tell everyone that no matter what, I can't possibly win against him.

Looking at his smug face, I couldn't help but laugh coldly inside.

"Those who act unjustly will bring about their own downfall."

After that day, all the media rushed to report on the sensational romance between Finn Beckett and Eloise.

Their shipper fans quickly grew in number.

As for me, I was said to be unsuccessful on the track and in love.

With support from various forces, the bet between me and Finn Beckett received unprecedented attention.

However, no one expected that on the day the bet was fulfilled, I showed up alone at the track.

In stark contrast to Finn Beckett and Eloise, surrounded by admiration, I looked like a solitary, pitiful figure.

Even the reporters looked at me with a hint of pity.

I ignored it and calmly tapped the microphone.

"Finn Beckett, how about we raise the stakes on our bet?"

"If I win, both you and Eloise leave the industry."

Finn Beckett reacted like he'd heard the funniest joke in the world.

"A racing driver without a navigator, still dreaming?"

I curled my lips into a mocking smile.

"Navigator? Are you blind? I'm standing right here."

I stepped forward, staring into his eyes.

"Do you believe it, the legendary racing driver was me before, and the top navigator will be me in the future.

"As for you, as long as I'm here, you'll always be number two."

Finn Beckett's eyes widened with rage, raising his hand to hit me.

But suddenly, his gaze shifted to the entrance behind me.

Then, the scene erupted in exclamations.

My racing team had arrived!