---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/497/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/497/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

On Dorian’s birthday, I was in a car accident on my way back, and I died on the spot.

My soul floated above, wanting to see Dorian one last time.

Just then, I saw Dorian bring his first love, Celeste, back to *our* home.

In the dim light, Celeste’s fair face was flushed, as if she were deeply drunk, clinging to Dorian, her body limp against his.

“Dorian, Dorian…”

He steadily held her waist, brushed away her messy hair, and patiently responded to her every call.

Dorian, usually so distant, reserved that tenderness only for her.

Seeing this, even though I was prepared, my heart still ached.

Ever since Dorian found out about Celeste’s divorce, he’d been distracted, coming home less and less, growing colder towards me.

I’d found out that Celeste’s ex-husband’s company had gone bankrupt, and he’d fled with the money.

Celeste only discovered she was pregnant after the divorce, and debt collectors hounded her daily, scaring her into multiple near-miscarriages.

Dorian had been with her at the hospital all these days.

I argued with Dorian because he wanted to bring Celeste home to care for her.

“Celeste’s parents once helped me out. I can’t not help her.”

My eyes were red, “Is that the only reason?”

Dorian was silent for a moment, then suddenly extinguished his cigarette. “I promised I’d marry you.”

“Anya, what exactly are you so insecure about?”

What was I insecure about?

Dorian knew, deep down, but he pretended not to.

That night, I suddenly lost control, and for the first time, I suggested we break up.

Dorian’s face grew darker.

Without a word, he carried me into the bathroom, turning on the shower. “Do you know what you just said?”

I trembled, hugging myself, his tall shadow looming over me. He ripped off my shirt buttons, almost punishingly biting my lips.

“Anya, never talk about breaking up with me.”

Cold water poured over my head, his hot breath grazed my neck, and his face blurred before my eyes.

“Celeste is only staying for a while. Once the police find her ex-husband, I’ll send her back.”

He whispered close to my ear, “There’s really no future for her and me.”

I gasped for breath, struggling, closing my eyes and threatening,

“To get me to agree, I’d have to be dead.”

And then, I really died.

Dorian really brought Celeste back.

