---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/497/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/497/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/497/2/"
---


Suddenly, I felt like I should leave this place.

I couldn't even stand watching Dorian massage Celeste. What if they rekindled their old flame one day? What if they hugged? Kissed?

What if…

The thought alone sent a searing pain through my chest, like ants crawling up my spine, making me restless. I frantically ran towards the door.

But the moment I touched it, a sudden, tearing pain shot through me, even worse than the car crash, worse than being smashed to pieces after falling from a cliff.

I couldn't even scream. My body was yanked back.

After several attempts, my face was ashen white, drenched in cold sweat, and I finally realized something—

I couldn’t leave this house.

Or rather, I couldn’t leave Dorian.

Instantly, all my strength left me.

I numbly continued to watch the two of them.

Dorian had finished massaging Celeste and was about to leave when a hand hooked around his neck.

Celeste opened her eyes.

Their eyes met.

“Dorian, do you still like me?” Celeste asked directly.

Dorian stared into her eyes. “I hate you.”

Celeste’s face paled.

His palm rested on her cheek, his thumb tracing her skin inch by inch, as if with a sigh,

“But I’ve also never forgotten you.”

I curled my lips mockingly.

A smile bloomed across Celeste’s face, lighting up her eyes. Then, as if she suddenly thought of something, her gaze flickered,

“What about Anya? She’s been with you for five years. What do you feel for her?”

Dorian paused, parting his lips, but said nothing.

The atmosphere suddenly fell silent.

Celeste’s expression subtly shifted, her eyes scrutinizing him.

The next second, she tilted her neck slightly and kissed the corner of his lips.

Dorian’s body stiffened noticeably, but only for a moment. He quickly took control, his large hand scooping her waist to pull her onto his lap, his fingers clasping the back of her head, deepening the kiss.

A wave of nausea instantly rushed to my head. I clamped my hand over my mouth, afraid my churning stomach would rise into my chest.

“Dorian, he’s already abandoned me. Don’t you abandon me. I don’t want to be alone.” Celeste gasped for breath, pleading against his lips.

“I know you only feel gratitude and guilt for her; the one you truly love is me…”

Celeste’s kiss moved to his collarbone, pausing slightly, then her hand reached for the buttons of his shirt—

Dorian suddenly pressed down on her hand.

“No.”

His voice was cold and deep, his eyes equally frigid.

A chill emanated from him, spreading outwards, making even my soul, which felt no temperature, shiver.

Celeste stared at him blankly, as if she hadn’t expected to be rejected. “Is it because of Anya that—”

I stared at him blankly too, my heart pounding uncontrollably and wildly.

Dorian was silent for a while, then lowered his eyes, his expression unreadable. “Celeste, I have a girlfriend right now.”

“This isn’t good for you.”

Celeste understood, and the corners of her lips curled up slightly. “I’ll wait for you.”

I understood too, and laughed mockingly.

Dorian meant that as long as we hadn’t broken up, he and Celeste wouldn’t cross any substantial lines.

This wasn’t about his character, nor was it out of respect for me, his official girlfriend. He just didn’t want Celeste to bear any stain or moral condemnation.

He cherished and protected her so much.

Laughing, large tears began to fall.

