---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/533/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/533/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/533/2/"
---


Zachary and I started giving each other the silent treatment again.

In the past, during these cold wars, I would always be in low spirits, wracking my brain to think of ways to make up with him quickly.

But now, after a few days of not speaking, I actually felt a sense of relief.

At night, Zachary slept in the guest room, and I had the big bed all to myself. I even slept better than usual.

In the morning, I no longer got up early to make breakfast for Zachary. I could sleep an extra half hour every day.

At work, Zachary's face no longer popped into my mind at random moments. I stopped sending him messages frequently, and my work efficiency even improved.

Tasks that I used to drag out until the end of the workday were now completed ahead of time.

After work, I didn't bother to go home and cook anymore.

To ensure Zachary ate healthily, I had honed my cooking skills and made dinner every day after work.

However, he had so many social gatherings that he'd be lucky to eat at home twice a week.

Not revolving my life around Zachary anymore, I found myself with a lot of free time.

I finished watching a TV series in just three evenings.

At the office, I heard a newly hired young girl talking about studying for a qualification related to our work. I felt ashamed.

This fresh graduate knew to make use of her time to improve herself, while I, having worked for so many years, was still aimlessly drifting through life, taking each day as it came.

I could only blame myself for being too focused on love before.

After graduation, my life goal was to marry Zachary.

Until now, that wish hasn't been fulfilled.

For the old me, the focus of life was revolving around Zachary.

I even thought that if Zachary wanted me to quit my job and be a housewife after marriage, I would agree without hesitation.

Marrying Zachary, having children, and taking care of our little family was happiness to me, the life I longed for.

Now, having suddenly awakened, I realized how much of a failure I was.

In terms of love, I gave endlessly but didn't receive an equal response. He wasn't even willing to give me the promise of marriage.

In terms of work, I was a mess, making no progress.

The newly hired girl's enthusiasm for self-improvement inspired me.

I thought, it's time to make a change.

I humbly asked my colleagues for advice, bought study materials, and started preparing for the certification exam.

Every day after work, I would grab a quick dinner outside, then go home and shut myself in the study to learn, studying until bedtime.

These past few days, Zachary might still be sulking. He came home very late every day.

This was perfect. The house was quiet, making it convenient for me to study.

