---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/526/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/526/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/526/1/"
---

Before my rebirth.

Following my boyfriend's demands, I used every penny of my hard-earned money, working day and night, to pay cash for our marital home.

His name was on the deed. He said a woman's name wasn't worthy of being written with his.

I argued with him, but he threatened my kitten, Luna, forcing me to give in.

On the very first day we moved into the new house, he brought a woman home.

It was Seraphina, his unattainable high school crush, the 'one that got away'.

Seraphina had a string of failed relationships, more men than I could count.

Until she fell for some mysterious guy and ended up in a mental institution...

Alex let this crazy woman, fresh out of the asylum, sleep in *our* bedroom.

And he had the audacity to ask me to get along with my rival!

He lied, saying Seraphina's parents had asked him to look after her for a few days. I, like a fool, actually treated Seraphina like a sister.

It wasn't until I returned early from a business trip and heard the intimate sounds from our bedroom.

Only then did I realize that my boyfriend had never loved me.

Everything I'd worked for all these years was just setting someone else up for their happily ever after!

Alex kicked me out.

I rented a cheap apartment, drifting aimlessly day after day, living like a stray dog on the street.

Ultimately, Seraphina found me and pushed me from the eighteenth floor.

Heh.

This time, my destiny is in my own hands.

