---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 5"
novel_index: "/novels/526/"
chapter_number: 5
next_chapter: "/novels/526/6/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/526/4/"
---

This playful man was Julian, the son of my company's CEO.

Known throughout the elite circles as a notorious playboy.

I'd actually known him for a long time.

He was my junior in college.

The embarrassing part? He used to pursue me back then...

I truly don't know why I was so blind to fall for a jerk like Alex and reject such a handsome, rich, sweet puppy!

Even though Julian was a bit of a playboy, he wasn't a bad person. He was even kind of cute.

At least he wouldn't do anything as disgusting as Alex.

After I started dating Alex, I rarely saw Julian again.

I remember the only time we met after I started working was at a bridal shop.

I was with my best friend, trying on wedding dresses, when I accidentally spotted Julian with a glamorous socialite, also trying on dresses.

Julian wore a tailored suit, his hair impeccably styled, looking every bit the business elite.

He and the socialite, who emerged from the fitting room, looked like a perfect match, a truly stunning couple.

I awkwardly greeted him.

Julian's face darkened as he asked, "Since when did you start liking women?"

I stared blankly at my best friend, who was on the phone nearby, and realized he'd misunderstood.

The socialite finished trying on her dress, then hooked her arm through Julian's, asking him jealously who I was.

Julian's throat bobbed, and he glanced out the window.

"Just a senior from college."

What he said wasn't wrong, but why did my heart feel so heavy?

Later, my best friend's fiancé cheated before their wedding, and my best friend swiftly packed up and left the jerk.

Julian fled his own wedding, refusing a business alliance.

In seven days, it would be the day he was supposed to run.

Before he left, I needed to use him well.

"Julian!"

Rain streamed down my forehead, streaking across my cheeks. I knew I looked utterly pathetic right now.

But I didn't care.

Whether Julian was still interested in me or not, I had to take this shot.

"I need your help to get revenge."

"Please, help me."

"Will you?"

