---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 8"
novel_index: "/novels/526/"
chapter_number: 8
next_chapter: "/novels/526/9/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/526/7/"
---

 took a shower.

When I came out of the bathroom, the entire condo was transformed.

"This... this fast?"

I walked around again, disbelieving, my fingertips tracing the low-key yet luxurious furniture. I couldn't help but marvel at Julian's extravagant taste.

"Like it, gorgeous? If you're satisfied, pour me a glass of water."

Julian lounged comfortably on the soft sofa.

I poured a glass of water, walked over to him, met his teasing gaze, and then chugged the water down myself.

"Pour it yourself if you want water. I don't serve people."

With that, I splashed the remaining bit of water on his handsome face.

Julian lowered his gaze and chuckled, then loosened his tie, looking a little flustered.

"Stella."

"You're the only one who dares to be this bold with me. I really can't find another."

"What makes you so sure I'll help you?"

He patted his thigh, signaling for me to sit down.

My fists slowly clenched. Enduring the humiliation, I plopped down and then told him everything about my rebirth, spilling every detail.

"Of course I believe you. Otherwise, you'd still be stupidly making money for that guy to buy a house."

"Julian, I need you to pretend to be my boyfriend."

"No need to pretend. I *can* be your boyfriend... or husband, even."

He wrapped his arm around my waist, his gaze intensely possessive.

"I'm not joking. Control yourself."

Julian still had that playful, teasing expression. I sighed and said,

"You're still dating Chloe Song, the Song Corporation heiress, right?"

His arm tightened, squeezing me until I could barely breathe.

"Just for show. She has someone she likes too, just like me."

"Gorgeous, are you perhaps... jealous?"

