---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/191/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/191/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

The name Jasper is well-known in New York City's high society.

It's said that once, when his secretary wore something slightly revealing, he fired her on the spot.

Since then, no company dared to hire her, fearing backlash.

Everyone working for the Cooper Family fears this young master.

He's unpredictable, and the smallest mistake could cost you your job.

But none of this has anything to do with me.

I'm just the nanny's daughter for Jasper's family.

I only saw him once during a family gathering at the Cooper Family's house.

His every move exuded the cold indifference of someone in power.

He doesn't take anyone or anything seriously.

If nothing unexpected happens, I would never have any interaction with him in this lifetime.

That winter, whether by accident or someone's intent, Jasper got into a car accident on his way to a negotiation.

His injuries were severe, and it took several rounds of rescue in the ICU to save his life.

When he woke up, everyone was stunned.

Jasper had lost his memory, and his intelligence and memory were like those of a three-year-old child.

Previously, he had a cleanliness obsession and avoided women. Now, he was pestering the nanny and cleaning lady at home to play hide and seek with him.

The family doctor did another brain check for him, sighing and shaking his head.

"The young master's brain still has blood clots, which are pressing on his nerves. Surgery is very risky; now he can only rest and see how he recovers later."

Jasper's mother wanted to take him abroad for treatment.

But now was a critical moment in the power struggle within the Cooper Family.

Yes, the Cooper Family has more than one son besides Jasper.

If it were revealed now that Jasper is amnesiac and foolish, he would naturally be out of this power struggle.

However, there's no secret that doesn't find its way out.

Rumors always find a way to reach others' ears.

Listening to my mom talk about these things, I felt a brief pang of sympathy for this billionaire CEO.

But only for a moment.

His amnesia has nothing to do with me; these are just battles among wealthy families.

The world won't stop turning, and I'll continue living as usual.

Mom has taken care of Mrs. Cooper for a long time and has watched Jasper grow up.

Now that Jasper needs meticulous care, Mom is grateful to the Cooper Family and feels a bit sorry for this child she watched grow up. So she took on this responsibility.

I help my mom with some chores at the Cooper Family on weekends after school.

"Ah, I really don't understand how a perfectly fine person could become like this."

I had just picked up the messy toys on the floor.

"Bang bang—"

Then two rubber-like things hit my head.

"Where did this little witch come from! Surrender now!"

I looked at Jasper, who was waving a toy gun and dancing around, and was momentarily speechless.

"It seems he really is foolish now."

I took the toy gun from his hand and carefully wiped the dirt off his face with a cloth.

After Jasper became foolish, the nannies who used to fear him were more daring.

Naturally, the care wasn't very attentive.

He seemed a bit dazed, standing there holding his clothes and letting me wipe his face clean.

With his long eyelashes fluttering and his lips pursed, he seemed particularly obedient.

I accidentally met his eyes and was momentarily stunned.

"Chenny's hands are dirty too."

He pouted and reached out his hand to me, acting pitifully.

I tugged at the corner of my mouth; yes, he really is like a three-year-old child.

In the evening, I was planning to go home after tidying up, but Mrs. Cooper suddenly called me to her room.

"Auntie."

Mrs. Cooper had maintained herself well, her face carrying a smile.

I felt something was off in my heart.

Seeing me come in, she stood up and circled around me, looking satisfied.

"Not bad, you have a good figure; having a baby shouldn't be a problem."

Hearing her words, I was confused.

Perhaps seeing my reaction, Mrs. Cooper realized her words were inappropriate.

She immediately changed her demeanor, holding my hand with tears in her eyes: "Quinn, you see Jasper like this now. It's hard to say if he will recover. I have an unreasonable request."

"If you can have a child for the Cooper Family within a year, I'll give you 50 million. After it's done, you can go wherever you want. The child's matter won't delay you."

I was shocked; so this was her plan.

"Auntie, I don't think I can..."

"Quinn, don't decide so quickly. After all, your mom has been with me for so long, and I chose you because I'm assured."

"If 50 million isn't enough, I'll add another 10 million, and your mom can continue working at the Cooper Family. This money is enough for you and your mom to live worry-free for several lifetimes."

Mrs. Cooper spoke with a smile, leisurely wiping her nails.

"Okay."

The threat in Mrs. Cooper's words was too obvious.

Mom has worked hard to raise me as a single parent.

We are just ordinary people; if I refuse, the Cooper Family will just crush us.

Besides, it's 60 million. It can give Mom a better life.

Driven by some inexplicable force, I agreed.

Mrs. Cooper nodded in satisfaction upon hearing my response.

