---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/111/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/111/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/111/1/"
---

Their twisted dialogue was heard loud and clear by everyone in the hall.

Suddenly, those around me looked at me with disdain.

"So Adeline is just a poor student funded by the heiress, no wonder she's so shabbily dressed."

"The heiress is truly kind-hearted to support someone mentally unstable and morally questionable."

Finn then called for Assistant Zach from the corporation.

"Take Adeline out of here. Without my permission, she's not allowed to step foot in the corporation again."

I looked at the assistant approaching with security.

"Mr. Zach, you've been with my father for years. How can you not recognize the true heiress of the corporation?"

Mr. Zach stopped in his tracks, stunned. "I... I..."

Jasper glared at him displeased.

"Mr. Zach, my brother is the future heir of the corporation. If you disobey his orders, are you looking to get fired?"

Mr. Zach turned pale with fright, looking at me uneasily.

"Miss, I have a family to support. Please, don't make this hard for me. Come with me."

He signaled the security to drag me away.

Seeing them closing in, I grabbed a vase from the table and threw it forcefully.

"Not only am I the heiress of SkyRise Corporation, but I'm also the sole heir. Touch me if you dare!"

The sound of the vase shattering and my furious voice echoed throughout the banquet hall.

Hearing my declaration, those around me began to sneer.

"Looks like she's really lost it, pretending to be the granddaughter of the wealthiest, and now claiming to be the heir. Ridiculous."

"Even if she were the granddaughter, a woman wouldn't inherit the corporation, especially since there are two grandsons."

Facing my arrogant brothers, I directly questioned them.

"Finn, are you sure you and Jasper have the right to inherit?"

Jasper's eyes flickered for a moment but quickly returned to normal. He tugged at Finn's sleeve.

"Finn, today's a joyous day. The elders will be here soon. Let's just drop it."

Seeing Jasper's reaction, I knew he remembered his background and was getting scared.

After all, my grandmother, the wealthiest woman in Country A, only had my mother as her daughter.

After my mother passed, I became her only granddaughter.

My two brothers were merely the orphaned children of my father's brother.

When their parents died, my father couldn't bear to see his nephews suffer, so he brought them into the family.

They have no blood relation to my mother or grandmother and can't possibly inherit the SkyRise Corporation founded by my grandmother.

But Finn didn't care about what I said. Instead, he frowned and glared at Jasper.

"She just hit Lydia. Can you really let Lydia suffer?"

"Adeline, it seems your condition has worsened. How about having the assistant send you to a mental institution?"

Hearing those words, my chest filled with hatred.

I remembered the pain of being in a mental institution in my past life, where Lydia extracted my blood and skin.

Yes, in my previous life, Finn and Jasper conspired against me to win Lydia's favor.

They plotted and harmed me.

Lydia, being a medical student, always had a desire.

She wanted to see the differences between a living and a dead body.

When my brothers found out, they assisted Lydia in dissecting me alive.

Even though I grew up with them, living together for 18 years, they let Lydia impersonate me and helped her torture me.

Now, I understand.