---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/407/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/407/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/407/2/"
---


After Seraphina arrived, Damon used my poor health as an excuse to banish me from his royal chambers.

Ostensibly, it was for my well-being, but in reality, he and Seraphina spent every night in revelry.

Damon's frequent visits gradually became occasional, and eventually, he stopped coming altogether.

Now, every time he said he wanted to see me, it was only to make me sing and dance for Seraphina, humiliating me to please her.

He said, "You are Seraphina, and you are worth everything I have to make you happy."

Once upon a time, he had said those very words to me.

Whenever I was homesick or upset, he would gently comfort me, gathering all sorts of interesting things to make me smile.

But now, I had become nothing more than a tool to please someone else.

"Your Majesty! Terrible news! The Queen has stopped struggling! She’s sunk to the bottom!"

Just as Damon and Seraphina were enjoying a tender moment, a servant suddenly rushed in.

Damon froze for a moment. "What did you say?"

Then, as if the words registered, he frowned, looking annoyed, his face darkening.

"She sank? So what? She's Merfolk; what’s so strange about her sinking to the bottom of the water?!"

The servant, frightened by Damon’s expression, quickly explained, "But… the Queen, she… her eyes are closed, her face is pale, and she seems to have stopped breathing."

Damon dressed quickly and stood up, appearing ready to follow the servant out.

Seeing Damon’s movement, Seraphina quickly spoke. "Your Majesty, didn’t you say you’d stay with me? How can you leave me halfway?"

"My sister is Merfolk; she lives in the water. Nothing bad will happen to her. This must be her throwing a tantrum. Your Majesty, you’ve been with my sister for so many years; you know she’s like this. When she’s angry, she ignores everyone."

Damon's expression suddenly changed, clearly angered by something she had said.

"Hmph! She’s definitely throwing a tantrum. Ignore her. I’ve never heard of Merfolk drowning in water."

Then he turned back and issued another command. "Go tell everyone that no one is to release her without my order. If I find out otherwise…"

Damon’s words hung unfinished, but the servant was already nodding frantically, terrified. "Yes, yes, Your Majesty! I’ll go watch immediately. I’ll make sure not even a fly gets out!"

Damon finally looked satisfied. Seraphina giggled, whispering sweet nothings that so utterly captivated Damon he lost all sense of time.

