---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/407/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/407/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/407/3/"
---


Damon didn't think of me for the entire night.

I imagined by now my body wouldn't last much longer before it dissipated.

We Merfolk grew up in water, and upon death, we dissipate back into the water, returning nutrients to nurture future generations.

By the time Damon finally descended from his bed, satisfied, the sun was already high in the sky.

"I wonder how my sister is doing now. Has her anger subsided? You know, the last time my sister was angry, she didn't show her face for three whole days and nights."

Seraphina's words stirred my memories. It was when Seraphina had just arrived.

Though she was favored, she wasn’t as openly bold as she was now. Damon still cared about me somewhat and hadn’t gone too far.

And at that time, I still believed Damon loved me, and Seraphina was just a passing novelty. I thought he would return to me once he grew tired of her.

So, when Seraphina came looking for trouble, I slapped her without hesitation.

Seraphina ran back crying to complain, and Damon, in a fit of anger, slapped me back.

It was the first time I had ever been hit in my life, and to be treated this way by the man I loved, I couldn't bear it. I immediately jumped into the water and hid.

For three days and three nights, I didn't show myself.

It was after that incident that Damon never came to console me again, and he began to openly lavish Seraphina with his affection.

Damon, prompted by Seraphina, clearly remembered that incident.

He paused for a moment, as if recalling my very existence, then suddenly became enraged. "Hmph! I’ll go see if she knows her place now!"

With that, Damon stormed towards the royal gardens.

Servants were diligently guarding the area, and my pale body lay there.

As soon as Damon arrived, he impatiently demanded, "Has Ariel acknowledged her mistake? Has she begged me to let her out?"

Hearing Damon's words, I scoffed internally. How was I supposed to acknowledge a mistake, or beg for mercy?

Hadn't I already done all that before I died? Was it any use?

Moreover, what had I done wrong?

Was I wrong for getting tired while dancing, or wrong for letting a fishy smell disgust Seraphina?

None of it was true. These were just false accusations you, Damon, imposed on me to humiliate me and please Seraphina.

My biggest mistake was loving you and believing your lies.

The servant shook his head. "To answer Your Majesty, the Queen… she…"

"Since she sank, she hasn't surfaced. She hasn't opened her eyes, nor moved an inch."

Damon’s expression froze. He took a few hurried steps to the water's edge and looked down.

My face was pale, and I lay quietly at the bottom.

Because the water was moving, my clothes and hair also swayed. Coupled with the strong midday sun, it was hard to see clearly. It looked as though I was floating, occasionally making slight movements.

Damon clearly misinterpreted this. "Hmph! What do you mean she hasn't moved? She’s clearly faking her death!"

"Since you like staying underwater, then stay there forever! Don't ever come up again!"

Hearing Damon’s words, I felt a burning hatred. Was it that I didn't want to come up?

I was killed by you, Damon! I could never surface again!

Damon finished speaking and angrily turned to leave. It was then that I saw my body beginning to dissipate.

The servant saw it too. He screamed in terror, "The Queen… The Queen… she’s gone!"


Damon stopped dead in his tracks and ran back to the water’s edge, looking down.

The bottom of the water was empty. My body was no longer there.
