---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/291/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/291/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/291/2/"
---

A blinding white light pierced through the darkness.

What greeted my eyes was Marcus’s handsome yet somewhat sinister face.

His cheeks were flushed, and his clothes disheveled, clearly having just engaged in *that*.

My pleading gaze met his, hoping he would save me.

But Marcus seemed utterly unsurprised that I had woken up. He merely appraised me with a look of disdain.

“Tsk, tsk, how pathetic. You’re about to be buried alive. Genevieve’s gone to handle the funeral arrangements. Good brother, I’m here to keep you company.”

“Five years ago, your mother uncovered my identity. To clear the path for you, she drove my mother to her death and had Father disinherit me from the Sterling family! Not only that, but you also stole my wedding. I was supposed to marry Veronica!”

“Five years of marriage, five years of Veronica’s abuse. I didn’t think you had it in you to endure so much, simply refusing to divorce. I had no choice but to have Genevieve seduce you. You were so foolish, actually falling in love with her. Weren't you dreaming of marrying Genevieve abroad? You stole my marriage, and now I’ll steal yours!”

“Finally, your mother is dead, and I tampered with your faux-death drug. Once you’re buried, you’ll watch yourself die slowly. Your death date is the very day of my wedding to Genevieve.”

Marcus spoke the most cruel words, one by one, and my heart chilled, little by little.

The hope that had rekindled within me was extinguished once more.

Marcus’s lips curved into a smile, his mood utterly joyful.

He took out the water and food that had been prepared in the coffin, speaking carelessly.

“You’re going to die anyway, so you won’t be needing these. I’ll leave the oxygen tank for you, though, just so you can live a few more days. Too bad you won’t get to see Genevieve’s and my wedding.”

The coffin lid slammed shut again, and the last sliver of light vanished.

My fingers dug deep into the wooden planks, my nails almost tearing off.

My eyelids grew heavy. Exhausted, I slipped into unconsciousness.

When I next awoke, I heard a clamor of voices outside.

My funeral had begun.

Guests chatted amongst themselves, laughter echoing. No one seemed saddened by my “death.”

“The younger Sterling brother finally got tormented to death. Veronica beat him so badly he was unrecognizable, but for the sake of the family, he absolutely refused to divorce.”

“Serves him right! Why did he have to steal his brother’s woman? His brother is handsomer and more capable. If he hadn’t been exposed as illegitimate, Adrian would never have risen to power.”

“Exactly! To marry Veronica, he even drugged her, so shameless. Then, right after the wedding, Veronica miscarried, didn't she? What a shocker. Now that he’s dead, Veronica won’t even attend his funeral.”

“Marcus Sterling is so lucky. Although he suffered five years ago, now that his brother is dead, he’s the only Sterling heir. And in a week, he’s marrying the only daughter of the Thorne Group. Who would dare call him illegitimate now?”