---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/214/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/214/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

I was in the villa making dinner for Adeline and her boyfriend when the hospital called about my daughter.

 Hearing the doctor questioning why I hadn’t answered earlier, I feebly replied, "I didn’t hear it." The doctor informed me my daughter had just been through a rescue, but fortunately, she was saved in the end.

 I felt slightly relieved. After hanging up, I checked my contacts and found that the hospital had indeed called several times before.

"Why didn't you pick up?" I stood in front of Adeline, fists clenched, unable to hide my anger. I had been cooking in the kitchen, leaving my phone with her, having instructed her to answer any calls. Adeline put down her crossed legs, scoffing.

"Jude, get it straight. We're divorced. I have no obligation to answer your calls."

"Right." I took off my apron and walked toward the door. "Then I have no obligation to stay here and take your orders."

As I reached the door, Adeline spoke leisurely, "The door's right there. Leave if you want. But I’m afraid I won’t have time to visit our daughter."

Remembering why I came here, I paused. Adeline had promised to visit our daughter at the hospital once I finished cooking.

 I held back my temper and asked, "Can we leave now?"

"What's the rush?" Adeline admired her newly done nails, not taking my words seriously. "Nash hasn’t come back to eat yet."

Just then, Nash entered with his daughter. Adeline quickly greeted him, took his coat, and led him to the dining table with a smile. "Dinner's ready, come eat."

As Nash sat down, he glanced at me with a mocking smile. "So what if you graduated from a top university? You're still just a servant here."

Adeline laughed, agreeing, "Exactly, how can he compare to you? He's just a useless person."

Nash chuckled, pretending to be displeased, "Isn't that harsh on your ex-husband?"

Adeline snorted, "What's the harm? It's the truth."

Watching their disgusting faces, I wanted to leave, but thinking of my daughter waiting for her mom in the hospital, I gritted my teeth and endured.

 Just then, Nash's daughter, Cora, kicked Adeline's chair.

"Hey, Adeline, do homework with me after dinner."

Adeline looked a bit troubled. I quickly said, "Adeline, you promised me. Lydia is still waiting for you."

Cora pouted, "Do you have something?"

"No, no," Adeline hastily replied. "Auntie has time. I’ll do homework with you after dinner, not going anywhere."

Before I could question her, Adeline pulled me outside. "You go by yourself. You saw I have no time, and it’s not a serious illness anyway."

I was furious, dragging her out. Adeline shook off my arm.

 "Jude, don’t think I don’t know your intention. You’re just using our daughter as an excuse to tie me down."

Adeline took out a wad of cash from her bag and threw it at my face. "Is this enough? Take the money and get lost. Don’t embarrass yourself in front of me."

Adeline turned back inside. I stood there for a long time, squatted down, and picked up the money one by one. 

As I picked up the last bill, Nash came out, stepped on my hand, and patted my face.

"So pitiful, and you’re a high achiever?"

"Yes, Mr. Nash, can you spare some help?"

Seeing my calm response, Nash lost interest and turned back inside. I was penniless. Pride couldn’t compare to my daughter’s life.

Back at the hospital, my daughter, seeing it was just me, lowered her eyes in disappointment but sensibly didn’t ask anything. 

My heart felt like it was gripped tight, suffocating.

Hearing from her attending physician that there was a new treatment for her condition, but it required a million, guilt filled my heart again.

 I had entrusted all our money to Adeline, and when our daughter got sick, I had quit my job. 

What used to be easily accessible money was now hard to gather even a fraction of.

I was about to call Adeline when I looked up and saw her approaching. Just as I thought she might still love our daughter, a loud slap landed on my face.

