---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/214/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/214/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/214/1/"
---


Adeline’s eyes were like daggers, wanting to kill me. She asked, "Did you ask Nash for money?"

To chase after Nash, Adeline had portrayed herself as wealthy, lavishly spending my hard-earned money on high-end gifts for him. That was our daughter's emergency fund. "So what if I did?"

"Our daughter needs a million now, Adeline. You took at least five million from me. I’m not asking for much, just give me some back." I saw the gifts Adeline gave Nash today were worth over a million.

Adeline sneered, poking my chest, "I’ve never seen a man ask a woman for money, using a sick daughter as an excuse."

"Does our daughter know you curse her like this?" Apparently, she didn’t believe me. I pulled Adeline toward the hospital room, "Come see our daughter with me now."

"I'm not going!" Adeline struggled violently.

Seeing the strange looks from people around, I released her. Unexpectedly, as soon as I let go, Adeline ran off.

Back in the room, my daughter's eyes sparkled, "Daddy, did Mommy come? I thought I heard her voice."

Tears welled up, and I turned away, not letting her see me cry. I lied, "She came, but she’s too busy with work and had to leave."

I took out a teddy bear I had bought earlier, saying it was a gift from Adeline. Seeing her smile, I let out a sigh of relief.

Now I had to deal with the medical expenses. I instinctively touched my wrist, only to find my watch missing. Cold sweat trickled down my brow. 

It was the only memento left by my father before he passed, worth a million. I had decided to sell it to save my daughter.

I forced myself to stay calm, thinking where I could have lost it. I had it when I came to the hospital. After checking the surveillance, I found that Adeline had taken it when I wasn’t looking.

When I found her, Adeline had already sold the watch. "Jude, why are you so stingy? Think of it as a loan.

 When I marry Nash, I’ll have all the money I want. I can pay you back."

Adeline noticed my gaze on her suit and shamelessly asked, "Does it look good?" Not hearing my answer, she stepped back, holding the suit protectively. "It’s custom-made, not worth much if sold. Don’t get any ideas. I’m giving it to Nash."

Hatred surged. I wanted to drag her down with me. But for my daughter’s sake, I couldn’t.

I said nothing, turned, and left. Rain poured like a waterfall. Walking through the rain, tears mixed with raindrops. Desperate, I dialed the number I knew by heart.

