---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/214/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/214/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/214/2/"
---


"Boss, can you lend me some money?" The deputy director at the police department replied without hesitation, "Yes, the organization knows your situation and will help."

After thanking him, I hung up. Adeline only knew my public identity as a company executive, but in reality, I was an undercover agent. I had been gathering evidence on Nash’s crimes.

Nash, an uneducated man, loved seeing high achievers tormented. He didn’t know it gave me a chance to get close to him. 

Adeline thought I was stopping her from pursuing happiness, unaware she was after a wolf.

Back at the hospital, the attending physician informed me that my daughter’s account had received a million, enabling the new treatment. I smiled.

Returning to the room to accompany my daughter, I found her crying.

 I hurried over to ask what was wrong. With a choked voice, she said her teacher and classmates visited today. 

"Classmate Cora said Mommy doesn’t want me anymore, and she wants to be her mom now."

I held my daughter’s small hand in mine, overwhelmed with heartache. 

"Mommy loves you. I’ll go find her to come see you. Wait for Daddy."

I rushed out, blaming myself for being too busy with work and neglecting my daughter. Adeline used to be a good mom, which is why our daughter relied on her so much. 

No matter what, I had to bring Adeline to see her.

At Nash's place, Adeline was kneeling, washing Nash’s feet, with his foot on her back. Adeline still wore a smile. My heart ached; she had never done this for me.

Seeing me, Nash whistled.
"Mommy loves you. I'll go find her for you right away. Hang in there, sweetheart."

I rushed out in a hurry.

It's my fault for being so busy with work before and neglecting my daughter.

Adeline was always a wonderful mother; that's why our daughter depended on her so much.

I had to bring Adeline to see our daughter, no matter what.

When I got to Nash's place, Adeline was kneeling, washing Nash's feet.

Nash's foot rested on Adeline’s back.

Adeline still wore a smile.

My heart ached once more. Adeline never treated me this way.

Seeing me enter, Nash whistled.

"Going to see that little one still hanging on? Still not gone?"

Impulse surged through me.

I couldn't hold back and swung my fist at Nash's face.

When the foot bath water splashed on my face, a slap followed.

Adeline, holding the empty bucket, glared at me:

"Jude, who gave you the nerve to treat Nash like this?"

I wiped my face and closed my eyes.

When I opened them again, applause erupted behind Adeline.

I took a closer look and was momentarily stunned.

The girl applauding was the most beautiful person I had ever seen.

She flashed a charming smile and said to Adeline:

"Sister Lin, you're really something."

Calling a woman "fierce" isn’t considered a compliment.

Adeline's face turned extremely unpleasant.

I seemed to recognize who this girl was.

A few days ago, Adeline complained to me that Nash seemed to have taken a liking to a younger, prettier girl.

So she was trying her best to impress Nash.

Nash's face darkened upon hearing this and pointed at Adeline and me:

"You're making such a mess every day. Today, I don't want to see you. Leave, both of you."

Nash ordered people to throw Adeline and me out.

Adeline banged on the door, but no one opened it for her.

When she raised her hand to teach me a lesson, I grabbed her wrist.

"Two choices: come with me to the hospital to see Nian Nian, or I won't hesitate to show Nash your pre-surgery photos."

"You're threatening me!"

Adeline stomped her foot in anger.

But it didn't take long for her to choose to come with me to the hospital to see our daughter.

With that girl around, she didn't dare let me show Nash her old photos.

Before surgery, Adeline wasn't just ordinary; she was downright unattractive.

When we arrived at the hospital, our daughter's eyes lit up seeing Adeline.

Adeline pushed me out, saying she wanted to have a private conversation with our daughter.

I stood on the hospital rooftop for half an hour.

Thinking Adeline's patience was probably wearing thin, I went back to the daughter's room, only to see her being resuscitated.

My head buzzed.

I couldn't understand how she could be fine just now and suddenly need resuscitation.

The doctor came to me and said something.

I didn't catch it clearly, only vaguely heard words like "mental preparation" and "doing our best."

I knelt on the ground, pleading with the heavens not to take my daughter away.

I don't know how long passed, but my legs went numb from kneeling. A doctor came over, patted my shoulder, and told me:

"We've done our best."

"There's still some time, talk to your daughter."

I stumbled to my feet and went to my daughter’s side.

She wasn't as happy to see me as before, mumbling "Mommy, Mommy..."

I trembled as I called Adeline, but no one answered.

My daughter closed her eyes.

Tears trickled down from the corners of her eyes.

The monitor sounded an alarm, and I stared blankly at everything.

Then the door to the room opened.

Adeline walked in, her laughter clear and bright, "Jude, take a look at my marriage certificate with Nash. Since you used our daughter's death to trick me, it's only fair to make you give up..."

I turned around, stepping aside.

Adeline stopped mid-sentence when she saw our daughter lying quietly on the bed.

5  

"Lydia, Lydia, why are you lying in bed without saying anything?"  

"Mom's here. You always wanted to see her the most. Get up and talk to her."  

Adeline approached her daughter slowly.  
