---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/222/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/222/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

I blinked, a bit disoriented.

Sitting on my living room couch, I could almost feel the pain of the fall down the stairs.

I couldn't believe that I had been given another chance.

Overwhelmed, tears streamed down my face.

A familiar voice echoed in my ears.

"Phoebe, please, can we say they're twins?"

My mother-in-law looked at me, imploring.

I clenched my fists tightly, resisting the urge to lash out.

Taking a deep breath, I steadied myself.

Feigning ignorance, I replied, "Mom, what are you talking about? Whether it's twins or a single birth, we know from the start."

"Why would you want me to claim I had twins? Where would I find an extra child for your son at birth?"

My mother-in-law looked flustered and stammered.

"Well, I'm pregnant."

I feigned shock, raising my voice.

"Mom, what are you saying? You're pregnant? Father-in-law has been working abroad for over a year."

"You've got a love child?"

She quickly moved to cover my mouth, visibly tense.

I sidestepped her attempt.

My mother-in-law spoke, displeased.

"What love child? This is my child. Your father-in-law and I lost feelings for each other long ago."

"We only stayed together for Declan."

I looked at her with disdain.

"No feelings, yet you cheated and got pregnant with a love child."

I emphasized "love child" intentionally.

She was furious and wanted to scold me.

But recalling her need for my help, she held back.

"Phoebe, I'm begging you, your child and this one are about the same age. By then, we can hide it."

I raised my voice, "Mom, what are you saying? You want me to help raise it too?"

She hurriedly explained, "No, just under your name. I'll raise it myself, don't worry."

I replied, "Mom, why are you being so soft-hearted? It's early, just terminate it."

But my mother-in-law became agitated, "No, this is the child between me and Uncle Gary. I can't terminate it."

I felt a wave of nausea. A love child, really?

Ugly and audacious.

