---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/222/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/222/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/222/1/"
---


I pretended to be in a difficult position.

"Mom, I can't decide this. I'll discuss it with Declan."

She looked embarrassed.

I said, "Your belly will only grow. This can't be hidden from him."

My mother-in-law could only nod.

In my previous life, it was the same. I told my husband about her pregnancy.

He didn't agree with her having the child.

He insisted on taking her to the hospital for an abortion.

She refused and hid away.

She only returned when she was about to give birth, making it too late for an abortion.

She knelt on the ground, begging me and my husband.

My husband had no choice but to agree to treat the child as a twin.

When my husband came home, I told him about my mother-in-law's pregnancy.

He was so angry he shook all over.

He immediately stormed into her room.

"Mom, are you out of your mind? Cheating on Dad and getting pregnant?"

Embarrassed by her son's words, my mother-in-law felt ashamed.

My husband was furious, "Go and abort it tomorrow."

"You might not care, but I do."

Hearing about the abortion, my mother-in-law panicked.

She held her belly, "No, this child can't be aborted."

My husband was livid, his eyes almost spewing fire.

"Why not? You want to keep this abomination?"

My mother-in-law was furious, "What abomination? This is your brother."

My husband retorted, "What kind of brother? It's not Dad's kid."

"Have you thought about how to explain to Dad after giving birth?"

My mother-in-law looked at him with bright eyes.

"Don't worry, I've thought it through. This child and Phoebe's are about the same age. We'll pretend they're twins."

"Your dad won't know."

My husband pointed a trembling finger at her.

"You're insane. I'm telling you, I don't agree. This child must be aborted."

My mother-in-law pointed at him, face twisted.

"You don't agree? I'm your mom. What right do you have to control me?"

"I'm telling you, I'm keeping this child."

My husband was too angry to speak.

It took him a while to say anything.

"If you insist on having this child, handle it yourself."

