---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/86/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/86/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

On the wedding day, Lily stood before me in a white wedding dress, her face full of defiance as she looked at me:

"Only those who aren't loved are the other woman."

"So what if you marry Harrison? I'll still be the woman he cherishes most."

The wedding hadn't started yet, but the backstage area was already crowded with people, including many prominent figures from high society. Everyone exchanged glances, but no one dared to intervene.

After all, who didn't know that billionaire CEO Harrison had a precious little girl he doted on? This girl was spoiled rotten, like the protagonist of a novel, indulged by everyone in the Thorne family.

Even though I was now Harrison's wife, I was just a pawn in this business marriage. I couldn't compare to the woman Harrison truly cared about.

The backstage area fell silent.

Harrison approached, surrounded by a group of people, his expression cold. When he saw Lily, his eyes softened like melting ice in spring. But when he turned to me again, his face was as frosty as before:

"Why are you just standing here? The wedding is about to start."

I let out a cold laugh and looked up at Lily:

"Do you dare to repeat what you just said?"

Lily smirked and repeated those words loudly, word for word.

Before she could finish, I raised my arm and slapped her hard across the face!

SLAP!

I work out regularly and have considerable arm strength. With that slap, Lily's little face immediately turned blue. A drop of blood slowly trickled from her nose, ruining her supposedly innocent makeup and adding a touch of dark comedy to the scene.

Lily seemed stunned, holding her face and staring at me in disbelief.

I laughed coldly and slapped her twice more, left and right.

The woman Harrison cherishes most? Ha! I'm slapping exactly that woman!

As I was about to raise my hand again, Harrison finally reacted, grabbing my upraised arm:

"Scarlett! Haven't you had enough? Lily is just a child! How can you hit her for saying a few childish words?"

She's a child and you're having an affair with her? You're sick!

After he finished speaking, I laughed coldly and turned to look at Harrison.

Harrison frowned at me.

The next second, I raised my other hand and gave Harrison another hard slap!

I laughed coldly as I looked at Harrison's swollen face:

"You probably don't know, but I'm known as the 'Slap Queen,' nicknamed the 'Goddess of Slaps.'"

With that, I shoved Harrison away and pointed at his nose, cursing loudly:

"I spent 1.5 billion on this business marriage with you, and you're playing sugar daddy with a little girl?"

"If you want to sleep with young girls, just say it outright, you old pervert. Don't give me this grooming bullshit."

"It's fucking disgusting!"

I finished by throwing my bouquet in Harrison's face:

"If this mess isn't cleaned up today, no one's letting this wedding continue!"

"You think I'm eager to marry you?"

"I have men lining up from here to Paris. Who are you to be picky?"

"If your old man hadn't begged me, almost kneeling, do you think you'd have a chance to marry me?"

"Go to hell!"

With that, I ripped off my veil and stormed out of the backstage area!