---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/272/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/272/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/272/2/"
---

Outside, it was pouring rain. I sat beside Julian, staring out the car window. The heavy rain outside was exactly like the day something terrible happened to Blair.

Julian had pinned me against the wall, his eyes cold and filled with murderous intent. “Willow, why did you get Blair drunk and make her sleep with Gary Jenkins? Are you really so malicious that you wanted to ruin Blair?!”

“I didn’t! It wasn’t me, truly it wasn’t… Bro.”

“Shut up! Blair tried to kill herself because of this, and she’s still in the hospital. Go kneel and apologize to her!”

“No! I won’t! I told you, it really wasn’t me!”

Julian didn’t listen to my explanations at all. He grabbed my arm and dragged me all the way to the hospital.

At the hospital, Blair was still making a scene in her room. The moment she saw me, she rushed forward and slapped me, trembling hysterically. “Why, Willow?! I was so good to you, why would you hurt me?!”

In my anger, I tried to strike back, but Julian violently shoved me to the ground.

“It wasn’t me! When I arrived yesterday, you were already drunk.” I looked at them in a panic, trying desperately to explain. “It really wasn’t me.”

Blair had called me to pick her up. When I arrived, only a disheveled Gary Jenkins and Blair were in the VIP room. A lace bra was even hanging on the door.

Before I could react, a passing server shrieked, attracting a crowd.

“But Mom, what do we do now? Everyone knows I shamelessly got drunk and hooked up with Gary. And now Gary is forcing me to marry him, or he’ll post the video online!”

Blair’s eyes welled up with tears. She turned and rushed toward the corner of the table.

“Don’t!” Julian rushed forward, bracing his lower back against the table corner, wincing in pain as Blair slammed into him. “I have a solution.”

Everyone present froze for a moment, then heard Julian personally deliver my death sentence.

“Announce to the public that it was Willow who was with Gary that day. Make Willow marry Gary Jenkins.”

“No! Why me?!”

I looked at Julian in a panic, hoping to hear him say that what he’d just said was all out of anger.

He knew Gary was an abuser. He had beaten his previous wife into a triple-disability, and the court had only issued a flimsy domestic violence order, 