---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/397/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/397/5/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/397/3/"
---


After saying that, Blake went back to the bedroom.
I was left alone in the living room, the closed bedroom door a barrier between Blake and me.
Thinking back to our days of polite respect, it felt like yesterday. Blake had changed so fast.
Suddenly, Maria led a few men in. I knew them all—Blake’s closest friends.
They didn’t greet me with the same deference as before, merely glancing at me briefly.
Blake emerged from the master bedroom quickly, having changed into loungewear.
The last one to enter the study turned back, his eyes full of pity, and looked at me.
The study door was ajar, and muffled conversations drifted out.
“Not many people for a proposal here, security’s good.”
“Use all roses, girls always love custom diamond rings.”
“Blake, are you sure about this? Your wife, she…”
“I can’t give Skylar a proper title, but I can give her a grand gesture to compensate. Just don’t let this get out.”
Blake’s voice cut off the conversation.
So, he was going to propose to Skylar Vance. I turned and walked away from the study door.
Blake had been back for so long, yet he hadn’t noticed my packed luggage. Hearing the sound of him seeing his friends out downstairs, I stepped out of the master bedroom.
Looking down, I saw Blake humming a cheerful tune.
Soon, dusk fell, and Blake changed into a tailored suit before heading out.
I didn’t follow him, busy instead arranging my emigration.
All these years, I’d been using my own money to clean up his dirty laundry.
Blake automatically assumed I was using the supplementary card he’d given me, making him believe he controlled my finances.
Looking at the decent balance in my bank account, I felt a calming sense of security.
After confirming the house, the agent sent me the contract.
Before I could even look at it, a message from Skylar Vance popped up.
It was a ten-minute video. Blake’s declaration of love lasted six minutes, his gaze on Skylar full of adoration.
I had to admit, out of all his women over the years, Skylar was truly the most favored.

