---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/76/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/76/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

"You dare seduce my boyfriend while I'm sick? Aria Lynn, you shameless slut!"

"You like holding other people's boyfriends' hands, do you? Well, let me help you with that. I want to see how you'll seduce men after I've ruined your hands!"

Accompanied by the familiar voice, I felt something sharp pierce my wrist.

The acute pain jolted my foggy mind awake.

Opening my eyes, I saw Charlotte's vicious grin as she twisted a scalpel in my wrist.

Seeing this familiar scene, I instantly realized I had been given a second chance at life.

I had traveled back in time to the day Charlotte kidnapped me and cut off my hands in an abandoned factory.

The Bluetooth earpiece hidden by my messy hair transmitted Finn's cold voice:

"Stop pretending, Aria. How could fragile Charlotte possibly kidnap you?"

"Even if you're jealous of Charlotte, don't stoop to such despicable methods to frame her. She's my future wife. It's not worth dirtying your hands over her, understand?"

As I felt my right hand gradually going numb, I closed my eyes, not uttering a single word to beg Finn for help.

I recalled how in my previous life, I had frantically tried to explain to Finn that I wasn't jealous of Charlotte. I had cried and begged him to save me, abandoning all dignity.

But Finn had remained coldly indifferent. My unusual behavior had also alerted Charlotte.

As a result, she had smashed the phone I had hidden, destroying my only hope of rescue.

Charlotte yanked the scalpel out of my wrist and slapped me hard across the face.

"You bitch, still pretending? Let's see how long you can keep this act up!"

With that slap, half my face went numb.

I felt warm liquid trickling down my face. I was certain my face was now disfigured.

Charlotte seemed pleased with my wretched state as she turned to leave.

But I knew this wasn't Charlotte letting me off the hook. She was going to fetch the same group of thugs who had violated me in my previous life.

I watched Charlotte's retreating figure disappear completely before using my teeth to gnaw through the ropes binding my hands.

I pulled out the phone hidden in my clothes and didn't hesitate to hang up on Finn, dialing my father instead.

Just as the call connected, I heard Charlotte's shrill scream behind me.

"Aria Lynn, what are you doing?!"

My heart raced wildly. I instinctively wanted to run, but the phone connected at that moment.

Seeing Charlotte approaching with three menacing men, memories of my previous life's nightmare came flooding back.

I froze in place, using my last ounce of strength to say into the phone:

"Dad, save me."

The next second, Charlotte had rushed over. My phone was violently smashed to the ground.

But this time, I wasn't worried. I knew my dad would definitely come to save me.

I was the only biological daughter of Frederick Lynn, the Lynn family patriarch and richest man in the country. I was the child his most beloved wife had died giving birth to.

Since childhood, I had been strictly protected by the family. Anyone who dared to harbor ill intentions towards me met a miserable end.

If Dad found out I had been hurt like this, he would surely be furious. He would make those who dared harm me pay a thousand, no, ten thousand times over.

Charlotte shoved me to the ground, grinding her heel into the wound on my hand.

She pointed at the three thugs behind her and snarled at me viciously:

"I knew you wouldn't behave. Looks like three men aren't enough. A slut like you deserves to be ridden by a thousand men!"

At Charlotte's signal, the three men approached me with evil grins on their faces.

I closed my eyes in despair, tears involuntarily sliding down my cheeks.

However, at that moment, the sound of a scuffle suddenly rang out.

I opened my eyes to see Dr. Samuel Young, who in my previous life had sought justice for me only to be run over by Finn.