---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/200/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/200/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---


“But are you sure you want to give yourself to me for a man who isn’t worth it?”

The whispers of the guests cut into me like knives:

“I heard the Quentin family is drowning in debt, surviving only on Mr. Gideon's charity.”

“She’s like a stray dog. Without Gideon's family, she'd be on the streets tomorrow.”

Looking at the child in my arms, I felt a wave of sadness. In ten years of marriage, Gideon and his childhood sweetheart, Phoebe, had three children for me to raise.

Six years ago, I broke down when I refused. Gideon didn't relent, using my family's survival as leverage. Three years ago, when I resisted again, he took away my documents and kicked me out. 

In the freezing winter, I returned, crying and begging for his forgiveness.

We loved each other when we were young. He even took a bullet for me once. But now, as we've grown to loathe each other, it’s time to end it.

“I’m sure.”

The man laughed joyfully:

“In three days, everything will be as you wish.”

The call ended, and I stayed silent for a long time. Seeing my red eyes, Gideon’s mocking expression softened slightly:

“Nora, raising Lydia’s children to be healthy and strong is most important.

 As long as you behave, the position of Mrs. Gideon will always be yours. Don’t make trouble, okay?”

He rarely coaxed me, but it was for someone else. I was too tired to argue and turned to leave with the child.

Returning to Gideon's family, a picture book hit my forehead, nearly making me drop the baby. Six-year-old Ezra, their first child, glared at me angrily:

“Why didn’t you heat my milk?”

I endured the pain and looked at the two nannies picking their nails. One rolled her eyes:

“Mr. Gideon said taking care of the young master is the madam’s job. Don’t blame me for your laziness.”

Right... This was all Gideon’s doing. He deliberately arranged for me to care for his and Phoebe’s children, calling it “the responsibility of Mrs. Gideon.”

I remembered when Ezra had a high fever. 

I stayed awake for three days and nights to care for him. When he had chickenpox, I was covered in ointment to keep him company in isolation.

Despite the disputes between Gideon, Phoebe, and me, the children were innocent. The child I raised with love now looked at me with hatred.

Blood ties are stronger than water. To them, I was just a servant to push around. I eventually heated his milk, but as I handed it to him, he knocked it over forcefully.

“Can’t you even take care of a child?”

Gideon returned, his cold voice coming from behind. He pushed me aside:

“What if Ezra gets burned?”

My throat tightened. I’d tested the milk's temperature. It couldn’t have burned him, especially since I was the one who got splashed.

Ezra made a face at me and ran to Gideon:

“Dad, Mom is clumsy. When will you take me out to play?”

Gideon fondly ruffled his hair:

“In three days, we’ll go out with Auntie Phoebe and take your siblings.”

Phoebe’s smile froze when she heard this, but she clung tighter to Gideon’s arm. I noticed a jade ring on her finger—something my mother left Gideon before she died.

There was a billion-dollar transaction behind my marriage contract with Gideon. 

Thirteen years ago, when I was in love with Gideon, who wasn’t yet in control of Gideon's family, I was mistakenly diagnosed with terminal stomach cancer. 

To prevent affecting his fight for the family business, I broke up with him under the guise of family opposition.

Later, when my family was on the brink of bankruptcy, Gideon arrived with a billion dollars, saying if I married him, he’d save my family from ruin.

I was naïve then, thinking he loved me and we’d rekindle our romance. I never realized he came with hatred.

My mother entrusted the ring to him on her deathbed, and he promised with teary eyes to treat me well. Now, that ring on Phoebe’s hand was the biggest mockery to me.

“Sister, Gideon said I look good wearing this.” She noticed my gaze and shook her hand with a smile.

“After all, he said you don’t need to dress up while taking care of the kids, so wearing these is a waste.”

Gideon casually added, “It would just gather dust otherwise.”

My heart was heavy with unspeakable bitterness. I just wanted to turn and leave.

“Oh no!” Phoebe suddenly exclaimed. The ring fell to the ground and shattered. I instinctively reached for it but blacked out, hitting the coffee table.

As blood trickled down my forehead, I caught a glimpse of Gideon’s panicked face. 

He frowned and instinctively reached out to help me, but Phoebe suddenly cried out in pain, twisting her ankle. 

He immediately shifted his attention, lifting her up like a princess. And I fell to the floor.

