---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 7"
novel_index: "/novels/520/"
chapter_number: 7
next_chapter: "/novels/520/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/520/6/"
---


Our reunion felt like a second honeymoon, and it wasn't until late into the night that we quietly lay in bed, chatting.

I told my husband about Daisy’s school situation.

Regarding the suggestion to transfer schools, while he felt it was a bit inconvenient, he didn’t outright object.

After all, it was the last semester, and he just told me to handle it as I saw fit.

Weekend arrived in a blink, and as my husband and Daisy were organizing the things they needed to take to kindergarten.

I received a call from my company.

They said the newly developed robot suddenly malfunctioned.

And the new product launch was scheduled for next Monday, so time was extremely tight.

My husband was understanding. "The project is important. Daisy has me."

"Okay."

I kissed both their faces. "I'll try my best to make it back."

I rushed to the company, where the technicians were already inspecting the product.

They finally found it was a source code issue.

The designer asked me, "Ms. Sterling, does the robot you have at home have this problem?"

I paused for a moment, realizing I hadn’t seen that robot at home in a long time.

Since it was a new product development, not yet mass-produced, only two units of this series had been made.

One was the human-sized humanoid robot.

The other was a small robot model that I had taken home for Daisy to play with.

It was also a good way to test the robot's performance and practical use at home, to make adjustments later.

But it seemed that at some point, that robot had gone missing.

And because I was too busy with work, I had just overlooked it.

When I got home, I’d have to ask Daisy and find that little robot.


Work wasn't done until late at night, and the kindergarten activity had long since ended.

I opened my phone and saw a dozen missed calls, all from my husband.

Fearing something had happened, I quickly called him back.

The moment the call connected, I heard my husband's angry roar from the other end.

"She absolutely has to transfer! What kind of damn kindergarten is this? What kind of damn teacher? I can't trust Daisy there!"

My husband was usually a gentle, even-tempered man; he'd never gotten this angry before.