---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/380/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/380/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

“Skylar! I was only born three minutes after you, can you stop trying to control my life?!”
Brooke’s furious, humiliated voice made me flinch violently.
My consciousness snapped back. One second ago, I was on that scorching metal balcony where you could fry an egg.
Now, I was in a club, every pore radiating a sense of cool comfort.
I’d actually been reborn!
In my previous life, after seeing Cassie’s post on Ins, I dug through her profile.
That’s when I realized she operated in the gray area as a "yacht girl," often taking on different groups of clients.
And this time, it was a bunch of rough, dark-skinned men with… specific tastes.
For Brooke’s safety, I tried everything to stop her from getting on that yacht.
For that, she verbally abused me for two months straight.
That hatred reached its peak when Cassie became the CEO’s wife.
Brooke stubbornly believed she was younger and prettier than Cassie,
And if she had taken that yacht girl gig, the CEO would surely have noticed her instead.
She was confused, but my parents were even more clueless.
To punish me, they stripped my clothes and locked me on that metal-plated balcony.
It was 104 degrees Fahrenheit outside, and I was exposed to the sun all day. My internal organs were cooked through.
The agony before my death sent shivers down my spine, making me tremble.
“Brooke, your sister here is a straight-A student, practically drowning in scholarship funds. Of course, she wouldn’t stoop to earning money herself.”
“Let me tell you, if you ditch me this time, finding another gig won’t be so easy.”
Cassie’s words, half sarcastic, half threatening, rang out above my head.
Brooke stamped her foot in anger.
She was already jealous that I got into a top-tier university and received so many scholarships. Hearing that, she panicked.
“Cassie said one yacht gig pays at least ten thousand dollars! You wouldn’t buy me a designer bag, so I’ll earn the money myself, what’s wrong with that?!”
I chuckled as if I’d heard the funniest joke.
Brooke wanted me to give her twenty thousand dollars from my scholarship money to buy a designer bag.
But Mom and Dad had already declared that after college, Brooke would get five thousand a month for living expenses, but I wouldn't get a single dime.
That twenty thousand in scholarships was my tuition and living expenses.
How could I possibly give it to her for a bag?
My parents had always favored Brooke since we were little, which is why she grew up so vain, superficial, malicious, and selfish.
Now that I had a second chance at life, I wouldn’t interfere with anyone else’s fate again.
Thinking this, I offered Brooke a small smile.
“You’re right, I was too narrow-minded. Go ahead. If you want to earn your own spending money, I really shouldn’t stop you.”

