---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/74/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/74/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

Declan arrived quickly, his tailored suit accentuating his tall and long-legged frame, drawing quite a bit of attention.

He walked directly to the center of the stage, standing beside my solitary figure, smiling nonchalantly.

"Miss Quinn, have you figured it out?"

I nodded. It was just a marriage to appease family elders; it didn’t matter who I married. Besides, Grandma’s illness couldn’t be delayed any longer.

Her condition has been rapidly worsening for half a year now. Every time I visited her, she would talk about wanting to see me get married before she passed.

As someone who had been closest to me all my life, Grandma’s only wish was for me to find someone trustworthy. That way, after she was gone, I would have someone to rely on and wouldn’t be bullied.

Watching Grandma grow thinner day by day, I couldn’t bear to see her leave with regrets, so I set my mind on getting married.

Boyfriend Kieran had also promised me we would marry.

But for ten whole weddings, he missed every single one, leaving me to become the laughing stock of all Seaside City.

And all his excuses for missing were because of his childhood sweetheart, Phoebe.

Phoebe was fine on ordinary days, but on my wedding days, she either couldn’t handle the stress due to her depression or was too scared after watching a horror movie and needed company.

The most ridiculous time was when she wanted to take wedding photos on a whim while shopping and called Kieran to be her partner.

I couldn’t express a bit of dissatisfaction at these ridiculous reasons.

If I dared to ask, I would get a barrage of scolding.

"Quinn, can’t you be more understanding? Phoebe is like a sister to me, she needs me now. The wedding can happen any day, don’t be so petty, okay?"

But after ten times of abandonment and betrayal, my patience finally ran out.

This time, I wouldn’t stand in place and wait anymore.

After completely letting go, I found that my heart didn’t hurt as much. Maybe it was numbness. Or perhaps Grandma’s words gave me strength.

"Our Quinn is so good, Grandma hopes that after Grandma leaves, you’ll find someone who loves you and won’t let you suffer."

Recalling Grandma’s aged face gave me firm confidence. I couldn’t let the people who loved me down.

So I took Declan’s arm and walked down the aisle with him.

I needed to face the wedding in my best state so that Grandma would be at ease when she saw the video.

As we exchanged rings, my phone chimed. It was Kieran.

He hadn’t realized his mistake at all, still speaking in a casual tone.

[Ning Ning, be good. Phoebe’s stomach hurts today, I really can’t leave. The wedding can be any day, I’ll make it up to you later.]

Seeing such words again, my heart ached uncontrollably.

I clenched my phone.

Declan raised an eyebrow slightly.

"Do you still want to wear the ring?"

I looked up with determination, "Yes!"

After going through all the procedures, I was already exhausted.

Thanks to Declan for supporting my waist all the time.

Before leaving, he looked at me seriously.

"Quinn, I’ll give you two days to change your mind. I hope you think it through before we get the certificate."

His words gave me enough dignity, but I had already made up my mind to end things with Kieran.

"Don’t worry, I won’t regret it!"

After Declan left, I received a message from Kieran.

[Quinn, buy painkillers within ten minutes and bring them over, don’t make me angry.]

The address below was a famous couple’s hotel in Seaside City.

Then, the phone chimed again.

It was a photo of two people lying in bed.

The sender was Phoebe.

And my boyfriend was one of the main characters in the photo.

[I won again!]

Compared to the pain of being betrayed and abandoned, I felt more disgusted.

On my wedding day, my groom was at a couple’s hotel with another woman.

I clenched my fists unconsciously until they bled.