---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/446/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/446/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/446/2/"
---


I hesitated.

I was considering whether I should step back when Zack spotted me first. He cried out in surprise and hurriedly sat up.

"Brother Lucas, why are you here?"

Fiona's face also showed a hint of nervousness. She hastily pulled down her slightly disheveled skirt, then angrily said to me, "Lucas, who allowed you to come up?!"

"Didn't I say before that without my permission, you're not allowed to come upstairs and disturb me?"

Fiona had mentioned this rule before.

But the original wording was that except for Lucas, no one was allowed to come upstairs and disturb her without permission.

Before, I thought Fiona was giving me special treatment, but now I understand what she really meant.

However, I'm used to it now.

Not wanting to dwell on it, I said flatly, "HR said you were looking for me."

Fiona snorted coldly, strode to her desk, and angrily pressed the intercom. Less than two minutes later, the HR person came upstairs.

"Did you tell Lucas I was looking for him?" Fiona asked coldly.

Sensing the tense atmosphere, the HR person looked at Fiona's icy face, then at Zack, and became so nervous they couldn't speak. After a while, they finally said, "I don't remember."

"Hmph."

Hearing this, Fiona seemed like a victorious general, coldly glancing at me and speaking sarcastically.

"Interesting, isn't it, Lucas?"

"I thought you had really learned your lesson, but I didn't expect you to still be so scheming. Since you're so worried about me, why don't you move upstairs and keep an eye on me all the time?"

"Or maybe put a camera on me to satisfy your curiosity?"

I was speechless.

"Fiona, don't be angry. I believe Brother Lucas is just concerned and didn't mean any harm," Zack gently rubbed Fiona's back, then looked at me and said, "Brother Lucas, don't misunderstand. I was just tired earlier, my head was hurting, and the boss wanted to help me feel better so I could continue working."

"Everything we do is for the company, don't overthink it."

I looked at his smug expression, as if he wanted me to overthink.

Even though I didn't know the whole story, I was sure this was Zack's mischief.

The HR person was shrewd, knowing Zack was Fiona's favorite. So when they sensed the atmosphere was off, they didn't dare to tell the truth.

But even if they had, Fiona probably wouldn't have believed it.

I remained silent, but Fiona was still fuming. She angrily said,

"No need to explain to him."

"Personal matters are personal, company matters are company matters. Since we're at the company now, let's follow company rules!"

"Lucas didn't follow company regulations, so all of this month's bonus will be deducted, and his salary will be cut in half."

The HR person hurriedly said, "Boss, Lucas has already..."

They probably wanted to mention my resignation, but before they could finish, Fiona glared at them.

"I don't want to hear any of his excuses. Do as I say!"

The HR person didn't dare say anything more and turned to go downstairs.

I thought for a moment and prepared to leave too, but Fiona suddenly called me back.

Perhaps because she had vented her anger, she now looked calmer. She spoke earnestly, "Lucas, I'm not deliberately targeting you, but this is the rule I set. If I don't punish you, it might be hard to convince others in the future."

Zack nodded in agreement, "That's right, Brother Lucas. Next time when you're unsure about something, you should ask the boss first. If not, you can always ask me too."

Hearing him say this, Fiona nodded approvingly.

"Zack cares about the company. He knows more about company affairs than anyone else."

Then she glared at me again, "Unlike you, what can you do besides being jealous? Can't you learn from Zack?"

Learn what?

Learn how to deliberately interfere in other people's relationships, or learn how to deliberately steal other people's achievements and set them up?

I sneered but couldn't be bothered to expose them anymore.

Seeing that I didn't speak, Fiona thought I had realized my mistake.

She took a couple of steps towards me, straightened my collar that wasn't even messy, and said earnestly,

"I know why you're doing all this, and I'm really disappointed in you."

"But I have to say, since coming back this time, you've indeed become more sensible. To reward you, we'll go take wedding photos tomorrow and put the wedding on the agenda. But don't get too excited, marriage is just..."

"Marriage?"

Before she could finish, I let out a light laugh.

I brushed off her hand.

I handed her the resignation letter I had prepared.

"But we've already broken up."

"Also, I've resigned. From now on, we have no relationship whatsoever."