---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/157/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/157/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/157/3/"
---

Jack stared at me in fear, his eyes dark and hollow.

I slowly tried to approach him, but he suddenly pushed away his father who attempted to stop him.

"No, don't come any closer!" he cried out.

He snatched the white jade hairpin from his mother's head and violently stabbed it into his own eye.

"Jack, no! Don't do anything foolish!" I screamed.

I stood there in shock, momentarily dazed as I watched blood pour from his injured eye.

The next second, my head began to throb painfully. I clutched my head as I walked towards Jack.

"Jack, it's me, Lily. What's wrong with you?"

I endured the splitting pain as I approached him step by step.

With each step I took, the fear on his face intensified.

"Don't come near me! I won't marry you, okay? I'll give you everything!"

Jack struggled violently, breaking free from his father's grasp.

Even though he could barely see, he recklessly charged forward.

Screech!

The tires let out a deafening screech. Screams and curses filled my mind.

I collapsed to my knees, feeling chilled to the bone. Before me lay Jack, flung into a pool of blood after being hit by a car.

His uninjured eye was wide open, staring at me in a way that made my scalp tingle.

Jack's mother rushed over to me, her eyes filled with hatred.

"You wretched girl! My son was so good to you, how could you not even spare him? I'll kill you!"

Her nails dug into my arm. The pain snapped me back to reality.

The day of the wedding became the day of Jack's death.

"This Lily Brooks really is cursed. She got her ex-husband killed, and now her new husband is dead too. What terrible luck!"

"What curse? I think she must have done something to that video to get money. Anyone who watches it dies!"

"We should all stay away from her. That woman is nothing but trouble. Only bad things happen around her."

The whispers grew louder. I clenched my fists tightly as Jack's mother continued hitting and cursing at me.

"I'm not cursed! I'm not!" I cried out.

A bucket of red paint was thrown over me. Adam's mother glared at me hatefully and screamed,

"Go to hell!"

She used all her strength to wrap her hands around my neck and squeeze.

My face turned purple as I struggled to breathe. Tears streamed down my face.

My breathing grew heavier. Just before I lost consciousness, I heard a familiar voice.

And that's when I finally understood what was really in that video.