---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 7"
novel_index: "/novels/10/"
chapter_number: 7

previous_chapter: "/novels/10/6/"
---

When I got back, everyone was waiting for me.
Seeing my blue hair and biker outfit, my mom was furious: "Look at yourself! What kind of appearance is this?"
"You don't look like a proper girl at all. No wonder Lucas doesn't want you."
I stood by the door.
Suddenly, I didn't want to go in anymore.
As I turned to leave, my dad called out: "Where do you think you're going?"
"Get in here."
"Call the Gray family and apologize. Tell them you won't marry anyone but Lucas."
"The wedding invitations have already been sent out. There's no way we're not going through with this."
"And get rid of that ridiculous color on your head. The Gray family doesn't like flashy women, understand?"
I slowly walked up to them.
I smiled: "Why should I apologize? He's the one who wants to give his ex-girlfriend a home, he's the one who wants to call off the engagement. What's wrong with me letting him go?"
My dad stood up and slapped me across the face: "You fool! Even if he's being stupid, how can you be so dense? Use your brain and think, would the Gray family allow a divorced woman to enter their family?"
My face stung.
He continued: "So what if he has a woman outside? In our circles, everyone turns a blind eye to these things. As long as it doesn't threaten your position as Mrs. Gray, what do you have to be angry about?"
I gently touched my cheek, smirking: "You two can play around separately, but I'm sorry, I can't do that."
My dad, his chest heaving with anger, grabbed a cup from the table and threw it at me: "A bastard died, so what? It's been three years, are you going to mope around and be a widow for the rest of your life?"
"Vivian Reed, I'll say it one more time, this wedding cannot be called off! Even if you have to die, you'll die as part of the Gray family!"