---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/262/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/262/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---


After leaving the hospital, I wandered aimlessly through the streets.

The giant screen in the mall was playing a family exclusive interview from three months ago, right after my wife had gotten pregnant. My mother held up the auctioned diamond, explaining to the camera, "This 'Heart of the Ocean' is a gift for my future grandchild. The value isn't important; what matters is the legacy."

Scarlett gently squeezed my hand, her eyes glistening. "Julian never truly experienced the warmth of a complete family growing up. Now, I can finally give him a real home."

The screen froze on the moment we smiled at each other. Below, the subtitle "Veridia City's Happiest Family" scrolled by.

I gritted my teeth, forcing back the burning sensation in my eyes. Just then, my phone rang. It was Scarlett.

Before, whenever I heard her dedicated ringtone, I’d answer without a moment's hesitation. But now, I hesitated for a long time. Finally, I picked up just before the call disconnected.

I heard Chloe, Scarlett's best friend, teasing her on the other end: "Scarlett finally got what she wanted! When Leo went abroad, she turned the entire Veridia City upside down looking for him. Now, to help Leo reclaim the Sterling Group, she even humbled herself to play along with that bigshot for two years."

"Ha, Scarlett still has her charm! Last time, Julian's legs went weak from her kisses; he was practically leaning against the wall. No wonder he didn't even need a marriage license, and willingly raised someone else's child!"

"Tsk, tsk, he's the one who despised illegitimate children the most. Who would've thought he, who detested illegitimacy, ended up raising one as his own son!"

"If you ask me, the real kicker is today's scene! Leo said, 'If my dad doesn't get married, neither will I,' and Scarlett convinced Eleanor to marry Arthur. Father and son both marrying into high society! Veridia City hasn't seen drama like this in ages!"

Chapter 