---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/53/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/53/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

When Finn arrived, I was downstairs, clutching my brother's lifeless body, sobbing uncontrollably. I noticed the fresh kiss marks on his neck, and my stomach turned. "What's this? Is he trying to cause more trouble for the Finn Family?" "Wasn't it Finn Corporation's drug that saved him when he was at death's door? And now he's gone and done this?" "Cora, you and your brother are nothing but ungrateful." With that, he skeptically kicked my brother's foot. Confirming he was dead, a flicker of panic crossed his face. But he quickly straightened his tie and lowered his voice: "Dead is dead, after all, he wasn't my real brother."

"Get out!" I shouted, glaring at him fiercely, my eyes filled with anger and grief. He seemed taken aback by my stare but maintained his usual superior demeanor. "Cora! Don't take my kindness for granted! If it wasn't for me giving him the drugs, he wouldn't have lasted this long!" "I paid for every single pill," I said, holding my ground. Then he turned and slammed the door shut. I dragged my weary body to bury Jasper. That little boy had only a few years of happiness in his life. We met at the orphanage, fifteen years apart in age. We relied on each other there. After I was adopted, I persuaded my adoptive parents, who loved children, to adopt him too. But fate was cruel, and good people don't live long. My adoptive parents died in an accident while doing business overseas. Jasper was the only family I had left. I did everything I could to save him, to keep him, but in the end, he gave up his life because he couldn't bear to see me suffer.

When I returned to the Finn Family villa, Finn was shamelessly kissing Adeline. Upon seeing me, he kissed her even more passionately. They both glanced at me from the corners of their eyes. I pretended not to see and walked straight upstairs to the bedroom. "Stop!" Finn interrupted his actions and shouted at me. I paused but didn't stop. "Who are you trying to impress with that 'woe is me' act?" "With his frail body, it was only a matter of time before he died." "The sooner he dies, the sooner he can be reincarnated. All those drugs he took, and there was no improvement." I stopped on the stairs and turned to look at him. "I had a miscarriage." "You can blame your sister's death on me, life for a life, and now we're even." Finn took a deep breath and pushed Adeline aside. "Why? You don't get to decide that!" "Comparing an unborn child to the precious daughter of Finn Corporation? How dare you think to negotiate terms with me?" He then pulled out a stack of papers from the sofa and threw them on the table. "Harmony Haven Orphanage acquisition agreement." "You know what I'll do." "A big fire? Do you want to watch?" he said, teasing Adeline's chin. She playfully hit his chest, pretending to be shy.