---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/156/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/156/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

Meanwhile, I rose to fame with an original song that turned me into a household name and a famous actress worth millions.

Later, at a charity gala, when she saw me as the honored guest, she broke down completely.

In a fit of rage, she attacked me, and then took her own life by jumping out of a window.

After our rebirth, we returned to the day we rescued the drowning Media Mogul.

This time, my sister was so emotional that she burst into tears, exclaiming, "I want to enter Hollywood and become a famous actress!"

The person before me is a true Media Mogul, whose enterprises dominate a significant portion of Hollywood.

With sharp insight and a generous approach, they invest heavily in their artists, becoming the ideal mentor every newcomer dreams of.

To showcase her talent to the Media Mogul, my Sister performed an impromptu song and dance, claiming it was her "Original Song."

"Sir, I've loved singing and dancing since I was a child. I apologize if it was awkward, but please consider making me a Celebrity. I know I can succeed!"

Initially, I was lost in thought, but the familiar tune jolted me back to reality.

It was my Original Song that went viral overnight in my past life! A bold thought crossed my mind: my Sister has experienced Rebirth too.

The Media Mogul looked at her with admiration, nodding in approval. But then, my Sister's legs gave out, and she collapsed, appearing exhausted, softly saying:

"Sir, what I can't let go of the most is my older sister. Please treat her well after adopting her..."

She suddenly added with a worried expression:

"When I saved you from the water just now, she was terrified on the shore. She's been afraid of water since she was young; please keep that in mind."

Hearing this, the Media Mogul's face darkened immediately. Because when he woke up by the shore, the first person he saw was me, soaking wet.

And when he thanked me, I didn’t deny it. Now it seems like I wanted to claim the credit for rescuing him.

"The child I want to adopt must have good character, not someone who resorts to tricks and lies. I'm sorry, but I'll give you twenty thousand dollars as a token of thanks."

With a stern face, the Media Mogul pulled out a check, signed a number, and handed it to me. My Sister's eyes lit up at the sight of the twenty thousand dollars.