---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/193/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/193/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

My sister broke up with my ex-boyfriend.

"We've been dating for a month; isn't breaking up normal?"

 Genevieve Parker said casually, as if she were merely deciding what to have for lunch.

"But when you sent me those intimate photos, you said it was true love and hoped I'd step aside for you."

 I sipped my coffee and glanced at Asher Bennett, who was still waiting outside in the heat, and sighed.

Asher was the heartthrob of our department. Not only was he handsome, but he also excelled academically, and his family seemed quite affluent. His cool demeanor made him the ultimate campus idol.

Many girls at our school were captivated by him, myself included.

Though Asher was called my ex-boyfriend, technically he wasn't.

 I was just a placeholder to fend off other girls, and our relationship was publicly acknowledged only a day before Genevieve took him away.

That night, Genevieve sent me several explicit photos.

"I was interested in him because you were, but your choice in men is really poor. Your first boyfriend, and you picked this loser."

 Genevieve's tone was full of regret.

I knew Genevieve wasn't truly interested in Asher; she just wanted to take everything I liked. Even if she eventually discarded it, she wouldn't let me have it.

Since childhood, she was jealous that my presence took away our parents' love. So, anything I liked, she would find a way to take it.

Toys I liked as a child, pretty dresses, and later, my boyfriends.

"My taste wasn't great before, but this time, I've found someone truly exceptional." My eyes sparkled with admiration.

Genevieve looked intrigued. "Really? I don't quite believe this 'high quality' you're talking about. When are you going to introduce him?"

"He'll come to pick me up soon."

As I spoke, I saw Milo Everett's figure at the entrance of the café. I smiled, "There, that's my boyfriend."

He wore a black T-shirt, tall and handsome, with a silver necklace around his neck. One hand was in his pocket, exuding a relaxed, carefree attitude.

Compared to Asher, this kind of man seemed hard to control. I was enamored with such men, and Genevieve was too.

She loved making all kinds of men fall for her, especially taking my men.

I saw Genevieve's eyes light up as she sized Milo up with a knowing smirk.

I knew that expression too well. She had found her target.

The more nonchalant a man is, the more it ignites a woman's desire to conquer.

 Seeing Milo's eyes fixed solely on me since he entered, Genevieve became even more excited.

I frowned in displeasure.

The reason I dared to bring Milo to Genevieve was that I trusted him.

 I've known him for two years, and he's never been the type to be swayed by beauty. 

In terms of emotions, he's a very devoted man.

But looking at Genevieve's alluring eyes, I felt unsure.

Genevieve knew how to handle men, like Asher, who was so cool at school but lost himself with her.

I held Milo's hand, and he smiled at me warmly.

I was confident I wouldn't misjudge him.

