---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/193/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/193/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/193/1/"
---


Before leaving, Genevieve's eyes were fixed on Milo.

I watched Milo's expression; he acted as if Genevieve wasn't even there, fully focused on me.

After leaving the café, I accompanied Milo to the playground.

He had plans to play basketball with friends, and I held his jacket, sitting on the sidelines.

Milo had a unique masculine charm, distinct from Asher's. He was spirited and carefree like the sun in June, delightful to be around.

Being with Milo was something I had deliberately planned.

On the first day of school, I noticed him. 

He had seen a guy take advantage of a girl in the crowd and pinned him to the ground, beating him up.

I still remember him in a black tank top, a silver necklace around his neck, a jacket draped over one shoulder, walking past me indifferently.

My first impression of him was that he was carefree, with a roguish charm that deeply attracted me.

Genevieve taught me that such men are harder to pursue. Persistence doesn't work; it's all about the method.

Throughout freshman year, I didn't make aggressive moves but tried to make myself familiar to him. In sophomore year, I began messaging him more, occasionally asking him out.

To understand his likes, I did a lot of research. 

Gradually, our chats increased, almost becoming a daily good morning and good night, full of flirtation, just a step away from a relationship.

Agreeing to be Asher's fake girlfriend as a shield broke through that barrier.

That night, Milo, eyes red, pinned me against a wall, asking why I was with another man. I knew my strategy of playing hard to get worked.

After Genevieve swiped Asher away, I naturally got together with Milo.

He was an excellent boyfriend. Over the past month, he perfected the boyfriend role. Even my roommates said they never expected someone like Milo to love so deeply.

I trusted Milo's feelings for me, but I didn't know if he could resist Genevieve's seductive and mature allure.

Cheers erupted around us as Milo scored another basket.

After the final shot, he walked toward me, the sun casting a golden glow around his smile.

Milo ruffled my hair and asked, "Bored from waiting? I'll take you out for something tasty."

I looked up and smiled brightly at him.

"Sure."

He held my hand as we walked along the track's edge, warm light enveloping us. I could feel the gentle pressure of his hand holding mine.

I wished this moment could last forever.

