---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/193/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/193/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/193/2/"
---


As I anticipated, Genevieve eventually made her move.

Recently, Genevieve's visits to our school increased noticeably.

Milo always picked me up at the dorm, and we had breakfast, attended classes, and went on dates together.

But several times, I found Genevieve waiting with Milo downstairs. From a distance, Genevieve smiled brightly, and though Milo seemed indifferent, he'd occasionally respond to her.

Genevieve acted like she belonged, inserting herself into our world.

One day, Genevieve invited me to dinner, specifically asking me to bring Milo.

I knew her intentions, but I still brought Milo along.

When we arrived, Genevieve was already waiting in a private room.

She seemed dressed to impress, with exquisite makeup. Her wavy hair cascaded over her shoulders, and she wore a tight red mini-skirt. Her long, white legs were eye-catching, and the low neckline revealed her ample cleavage.

Such obvious intentions?

I brought Milo with a hidden agenda. I wanted to see if he could withstand Genevieve's allure.

"Milo, I heard you're great at basketball. Can you teach me sometime?" Genevieve's voice was soft and sweet.

Milo replied indifferently, "If you really want to learn, you can hire a coach."

Genevieve wasn't pleased with Milo's attitude but seemed even more intrigued.

"Why bother with a coach? You're my sister's boyfriend; I can just ask you."

I stirred my soup and heard Milo's cold voice beside me.

"You know I'm your sister's boyfriend, so let's avoid any misunderstandings."

Watching Genevieve's face pale slightly, I almost burst out laughing.

Genevieve rarely fails with men. This was probably her second time, the first being five years ago.

Perhaps I was too obvious in my amusement, as Genevieve rolled her eyes at me. I let go of my spoon and said, "Oops, I dropped my chopsticks."

As I bent down to pick them up, they didn't have time to react, and I saw Genevieve's foot hadn't been retracted.

Yes, just now, without my knowledge, Genevieve had extended her foot towards Milo, even between his legs...

Milo didn't refuse.

Was it because he didn't have time, or did he not want to?
I was feeling a bit overwhelmed.

We finished dinner with mixed emotions. Milo Everett stepped out to take a call, and I waited for her at the door. Genevieve Parker came out after paying the bill and looked at me.