---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/255/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/255/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/255/2/"
---

"Mrs. Miller, the medical clinic on base has a limited supply of medicine. David's quota for this month has already been used for my son, Leo."

"So it's not that he doesn't want to take you, it's that there's no point."

Leah pretended to be helping David, but her eyes were filled with triumph.

My anger flared.

"Daisy is your own daughter!"

I roared at David.

"Keep your voice down!"

"Come home with me first! We'll talk there!"

With that, David scooped up Daisy and strode forward.

Seeing this, I had no choice but to help Mom follow.

"Wow! Dad, is this where I'm going to live? It's so big and beautiful!"

As soon as we entered the house, Daisy excitedly exclaimed.

I looked around. There was even a black and white television in the living room.

Even though I already knew David was living a comfortable life, I was still stunned.

Even the wealthiest families in our village didn't have a TV.

After all, it was a luxury money couldn't always buy.

I couldn't resist reaching out to touch it, but David quickly snapped:

"Don't touch it! If you break it, Leo won't be able to watch cartoons tonight."

Hearing his words, my heart ached.

Leo? He's so 'dedicated' to raising someone else's son.

But what about his own biological daughter?

Daisy is three, and she's barely had a proper meal.

Is he even human?

I looked at David coldly: "Didn't we agree that you'd send your military pay and allowance home every month? Why didn't you do that?"

"Audrey, you need to be more understanding."

David frowned.

"It's tough for me on base. I have to take care of Leah and her child, and I also have to spend money to grease the wheels with my superiors. I don't have any extra."

"Besides... you three don't really have any expenses in the village anyway!"

"You shouldn't be so demanding!"

Hearing this, Mom's eyes flashed with disbelief: "David, are you even speaking like a human being?"

"Do you have any idea how hard Audrey worked? She was out in the fields, working back-breaking hours, even right after giving birth to Daisy, and you call her demanding?"

"If we hadn't come to find you today, the three of us would have starved to death!"

Mom's old tears streamed down her face as she spoke.

Just then, Leah returned with her son, Leo.

"Who are you? Why are you touching my toy!"

Seeing the toy car in Daisy's hand, Leo yelled unhappily.

Daisy flinched, her voice trembling slightly: "Dad let me play with it."

"You little brat, who's your dad?!"

With that, Leo lunged forward, trying to snatch the toy car from Daisy's hands.

I looked at Leah with cold eyes: "Is this how you teach your child?"

"Mrs. Miller, kids say the darndest things, don't take it to heart."

Leah smiled sweetly.

Just then, Leo suddenly bit Daisy.

Daisy cried out in pain and instinctively pushed Leo.

Leo tumbled backward and sat on the floor, wailing aggrievedly.

"Dad, Mom, she bullied me!"

Leo looked at Leah and David.

Their hearts immediately ached.

"Daisy! Who told you to hit people?!"

David roared.

Leah, hugging Leo, looked utterly wronged: "David, since your family is here, Leo and I will just leave. Why would you let your daughter bully Leo like this?"

"I... I didn't." David stammered, trying to explain.

Leah said nothing, just silently let the tears fall.

Seeing this, David actually turned his anger towards Daisy.

"You brat! Who told you to hit people!"

With that, David raised his hand and harshly slapped Daisy across the face.

*Smack!*

Daisy flew backward, her head hitting the television cabinet with a sickening thud.

"Daisy!"

I cried out in alarm!

"David Miller! You monster! How could you hit your own daughter like that!"

I shrieked, rushing towards Daisy.