---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/138/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/138/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

"Here's some allergy medicine. Take it quickly."

But even after taking the pill, my symptoms didn't improve at all. I had no choice but to go to a nearby clinic alone.

When I came back to return the dress, I heard an explosion of laughter from inside.

"I'm dying of laughter! Her face was so swollen but she just kept enduring it."

On the big screen inside, they were playing a video of my swollen face after the allergic reaction.

Lucas was at the center of the crowd, holding a wine glass with a smile on his lips.

Someone beside him was laughing and counting on their fingers:

"How many times have we successfully pranked her now?"

"The first time, we tricked her into waiting for Lucas on the mountaintop. She stood in the cold wind all night, and we nearly scared her to death with our fake wolf howls. She ended up with a 104-degree fever the next day."

"The second time, we lied that Lucas needed a blood transfusion for a stomach hemorrhage. She stupidly donated 800cc of blood, which I resold on the black market."

"The third time, we framed her for stealing Bella's necklace. Not only did she lose her scholarship, but it was hilarious watching her desperately search for evidence to prove her innocence."

"Including this time, it's been 97 times, right?"

"Just three more times and we can wrap this up perfectly. It's been fun playing with her for three years. I'll almost miss it. Poor Lucas though, having to be her boyfriend for three years."

"Well, who told her to mess with Bella? If it weren't for her last-minute submission, Bella would have been accepted as Master Johnson's final student. Lucas has doted on Bella since childhood. How could he watch her suffer such an injustice? It just happened to be April Fool's Day, so we planned 100 pranks. Too bad it's ending after only three years."

I staggered away from the banquet hall.

Those words were like chains, tightly constricting my heart, making it hard to breathe.

Five years ago, it was love at first sight for me.

After two years of secretly liking him, I had barely managed to become a familiar face to him.

But three years ago, at the apprenticeship ceremony, Lucas suddenly confessed to me.

With my heart pounding like a drum, I couldn't refuse his kiss.

But it turns out there was never any mutual attraction. This was all his long-planned revenge.

For the sake of another girl - the one he truly loved.

My body was still itchy. The doctor had warned me earlier that there might be a problem with the fabric of the dress.

But I still thought I was just being too delicate, not worthy of wearing such a nice outfit.

When I got home to shower, I found that I had scratched my entire body raw.

As the water hit me, it stung and itched.

Tears welled up in my eyes, and I bit my lip, telling myself:

"Don't cry, don't cry."

After the shower, I saw that Lucas had just called:

"Are you home? I'm not coming back tonight. Had too much to drink."

I made a sound of acknowledgment, and then I heard someone on the other end of the line calling him:

"Lucas, Bella's looking for you. Hurry up."

The call was abruptly disconnected. I laughed bitterly at myself.

He didn't even bother to ask how I was doing.

I opened my contacts and called Master Johnson:

"Master, I've made a decision about studying abroad."

"I want to go."

Not long ago, my mentor had specially reserved a spot for me to study abroad, but I had been reluctant to leave Lucas and kept putting it off.

I had even considered giving up this opportunity.

But now, I was grateful for this "joke".

It allowed me to see everything clearly.

"Sophia, are you sure? This study abroad program will take you away for three years. If you perform exceptionally well, it might even be extended."

"Master, I've made up my mind," I said firmly, wiping away my tears. "I won't regret it."