---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/450/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/450/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/450/1/"
---


I stared into his eyes, which I once thought held the stars and sea.

Now I realized they were a bottomless, icy pool.

My kindness meant letting him treat my child like medical waste to save another woman?

It felt like a burning coal was lodged in my throat. The searing pain left me unable to speak, only able to stare at him intently.

Gabriel grew uncomfortable under my gaze. He looked away, his tone taking on a hint of barely noticeable irritation.

"Don't look at me like that."

"This won't affect our child. The doctors have assessed it, it's very safe."

"After it's done, that million dollars will be enough for you to live comfortably for the rest of your life."

He paused, as if realizing his tone was too harsh, and softened his voice with a hint of coaxing.

"Olivia, Aria is a human life too. We can't stand by and let her die."

"You give birth to the child, get the money, we part ways amicably. It's good for everyone."

Good for everyone?

Using my child, my life, to save Aria - how is that good for everyone?

If he really thought that, why did he work so hard to make it up to me all this time?

In an instant, all those nights we spent in each other's arms, him cooking for me, worrying about me - all those sweet memories of the past became carefully calculated schemes.

It all became utterly disgusting!

"Is that so?" I looked into his eyes, my voice hoarse and unfamiliar. "Then what if... I refuse?"

The mask of tenderness Gabriel had worn for nine months shattered completely.

He straightened up, looking down at me, his eyes cold as ice.

"Olivia, you don't have a choice in this matter."

"My woman and child should share my burdens."

With that, he turned to leave, stopping at the door without looking back.

"Tomorrow at 9 AM, the driver will take you to the hospital. You'd better cooperate!"

There is no greater sorrow than the death of one's heart.

My whole body went limp. I slid down the cold desk to the floor, unable to shed even a single tear.

My phone vibrated in my pocket.

I woodenly took it out. It was a bank deposit notification.

$500,000.

Sent by Gabriel. A down payment.

He was always so thorough in everything he did.

I stared at that string of numbers, suddenly laughing.

So this was the marriage I had persevered in for seven years...

I loved for seven years, was a fool for seven years.

From now on, it was all over.

From here on out, I would start planning for myself.

