---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/176/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/176/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/176/1/"
---

I only realized I was crying when my fingers touched the cold pages.

In a panic, I put the diary back.

Then Adeline messaged me again.

"Sister, Asher already told you we're going on a trip tomorrow, right?"

"He's not coming home tonight, he's shopping with me. You don't have to wait for him."

Maybe worried I wouldn't believe her, she sent several pictures of Asher.

In the photos, Asher knelt on the ground, putting high heels on her reverently.

All the high heels were high-fashion and expensive.

After our marriage, I was considerate of Asher's new business and never spent his money.

So he went along with it, even my birthday was hastily arranged.

"Wife, you're the best. Once I make big money, I'll make it up to you with birthday gifts."

But I didn't expect Asher wasn't short of money.

He just didn't want to put effort into me.

I thought my heart was dead, but seeing this, it still ached uncontrollably.

I wanted to call and confront Asher, but I held back.

Causing a scene would only make things more embarrassing for me.

I set Adeline to "Do Not Disturb" and got ready for bed.

In the dark, I touched my belly.

"Baby, I'm sorry."

"But Dad doesn't love Mom. I'm afraid you'll regret coming into this world..."

I was once an orphan, suffering scorn.

I vowed to give my future child a happy family.

Now that Asher turned out like this, how could I let my child follow in my footsteps?

Early the next morning, Asher returned.

There were visible kiss marks on his neck.

I pretended not to see, but the pain in my heart was undeniable.

"Wife, are you jealous?"

Asher noticed my mood and tried to coax me.

"Dad insisted I accompany Little Adeline shopping yesterday. I couldn't refuse. Don't be mad, I bought you a gift."

He then handed me a brooch.

I lowered my eyes, hiding my disappointment.

"Alright, we're running late, let's get going."

Asher nodded, pinned the brooch on my clothes, and led me out.

In the car, Adeline's gaze lingered on our holding hands, her expression slightly changing.

She sat in my designated seat and threw all my dolls to the ground.

"Sister, these dolls annoy me, so I tossed them. You don't mind, right?"

"And I get carsick. The back seat's air is stuffy, so you’ll have to bear it."

I ignored her and silently looked at Asher.

I thought, if he defended me, I would part ways on good terms for the sake of our four years.

But I was disappointed again.