---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/176/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/176/5/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/176/3/"
---

Adeline insisted on lying in the middle, her arm casually draped over Asher.

Later, she even slipped into his embrace right in front of me.

"Do you have no shame, so desperate for a man?"

"Asher, if you want to get intimate, go get another room. Don't involve me in your play."

I couldn't hold back, with red eyes, I questioned them.

Asher frowned, protecting Adeline, "Enough, don't scare her. It was an accident, is it worth getting this angry?"

"Can you stop being so filthy-minded? If I really had something with Little Adeline, would you still have a place?"

Hearing this, Adeline looked at me pitifully, "Sister, can't you tolerate me at all? I just accidentally took brother-in-law as my teddy bear pillow."

"In that case, I'll just go back to New York City now."

Asher couldn't stand her acting like this and impulsively slapped me.

"I think you need discipline. Adeline came to make amends with you, and you're not appreciative, just nitpicking!"

Stunned by his slap, I held my reddened cheek, the pain spreading to my heart.

Asher realized and tried to apologize, pulling me.

But I slapped him back.

My eyes were full of coldness and disappointment:

"She doesn't need to leave, I will."

"Let's divorce, Asher. May you two be bound together forever."

After saying this, I turned and left, catching the next flight back to New York City.

I blocked all of Asher's contacts.

After returning, I went straight to the hospital for an abortion.

Feeling the child leave my body, I was filled with mixed emotions.

After the surgery, despite the doctor's advice, I left the hospital.

Enduring the pain, I went to a law firm to draft a divorce agreement.

Asher could return at any time, and I didn't have much time left.

Only when I finished packing and was about to leave Asher's family did my tears finally fall.

For the rest of my life, Asher and I will have nothing to do with each other.

In the hotel, Asher suddenly had a bad feeling.

He thought of messaging Cora, but hesitated.

She dared to hit him and even talked about divorce.

It seems it's his fault for spoiling Cora too much, making her so willful.

Asher sent his assistant to inform Cora that if she admitted her mistake, this could all blow over.

But the assistant replied, "Madam is gone, all her things are moved out."

"There's a signed divorce agreement on your desk…"