---

layout: chapter

title: "Chapter 1"

novel_index: "/novels/35/"

chapter_number: 1

next_chapter: "/novels/35/2/"

previous_chapter: ""

---



Uncle Jack stood behind Bella, coldly addressing me, "You didn't want to bid on others' photos, so how about yours? Let's see if you'll bid on yourself."

I stumbled backward in disbelief.

The screen displayed a series of degrading photos. In them, I was filthy, living in a pigsty, my eyes lifeless.

Today's attendees were all from high society - wealthy heirs and heiresses. They sneered at me, "We always knew this so-called 'real heiress' was trash, but we didn't expect her to be this dirty, like a filthy pig."

"Holy shit, there are even photos of her in bed with old men!"

I instantly recalled a terrifying scene from years ago, shuddering uncontrollably.

Instinctively, I searched for Uncle Jack, but he was busy chatting with Bella, not sparing me a glance.

Yet it was he who had once offered me a helping hand.

Now, he was pushing me back into hell.

Suddenly, Bella spoke up, "Everyone, please stop. My sister must be so upset." She then playfully tugged on Uncle Jack's ear, as if scolding him.

Everyone watched this scene curiously. After all, Jack wasn't just some rich kid, but a real business tycoon.

Jack didn't disappoint. He affectionately patted Bella's head.

The next moment, he slowly swept his cold gaze over me, landing on the large screen behind him. "Tonight, everyone enjoy yourselves. Consider this Bella's 20th birthday celebration."

So that's why Uncle Jack said he wanted to celebrate my birthday early. It was just a ruse; he only wanted to celebrate Bella's birthday.

After a pause, Jack glanced at me again, "Those photos were my first big gift to Bella. I've decided to auction these photos to all of you, and the proceeds will go to Bella to do as she pleases."

Bella tugged on Jack's sleeve before continuing, "My sister was trafficked into the mountains before. I think the children there are so pitiful. I've decided to donate all the auction money to those children."

Jack smiled slightly and led the applause.

The applause echoed throughout the room, each clap feeling like an invisible slap to my face.

Everyone looked at me as if I were merchandise for sale.

I excused myself to use the restroom, my body trembling as I entered.

But when I came out, several people were already bidding on my photos.

"This one's not bad, she looks like a dog. Do you think if I gave her some food back then, Lily would have knelt like a bitch?"

The man who said this made an obscene gesture.

The men in the room burst into laughter.

Jack frowned and immediately covered Bella's eyes.

"Bella, you're still young. Don't look, it might taint your eyes."

But had Jack forgotten that I was actually a year younger than Bella?

It was just that when I first came back, Bella insisted on calling me sister, so the family defaulted to me being the older one.