---

layout: chapter

title: "Chapter 3"

novel_index: "/novels/35/"

chapter_number: 3

next_chapter: "/novels/35/4/"

previous_chapter: "/novels/35/2/"

---



I spoke up again, interrupting this seemingly warm but actually filthy and hypocritical scene.

"I'll place a bid."

But this time, these men shouted at me like crazy beasts, "Are you fucking kidding? We let you have the last one, but you can't have this one. I want to take it back for some fun!"

The men exchanged knowing glances, revealing creepy smiles.

"Yeah, I gotta say, Lily's got a nice body. You can really see it when she's naked. I'm getting excited just looking at it."

These insulting jokes made me feel like I was back in those nightmarish years.

But this time, Jack silently allowed it all to happen.

"Come on, guys, bid higher. You're adding pennies at a time. My Bella is getting anxious."

Jack held Bella's waist, his eyes filled with enough affection to drown everyone present.

Bella turned and buried herself in Jack's arms, playfully patting his chest, "Uncle, you're always teasing me. I just feel bad for my sister bidding. She doesn't have money of her own, just the allowance the family gives her."

I suddenly had a bad feeling.

Sure enough, Jack frowned and sneered, "I almost forgot. Lily, you just returned to the family, but everyone gave you a million dollars. No wonder you're so reckless."

He then coldly froze all my bank cards in front of everyone.

"Since you want to bid on yourself, use your own money."

Everyone knew I grew up in the countryside and was a useless bumpkin, even after returning to the family!

"Looks like Mr. Cold is really angry. He used to protect Lily so much, spoiling her to the core."

"Who would have thought that after a few years, Bella would be the spoiled one."

"It's all Lily's fault. Even though Bella isn't her real sister, she shouldn't have let other men buy Bella's private photos."

The woman who spoke was immediately glared at by those around her, reminding her that Jack was still on stage.

"I'll place a bid."

I said again in a hoarse voice.

"This woman's got guts. She doesn't think Mr. Cold will still cover for her, does she?"

"You never know, what if she has private assets?"

Bella tugged on Jack's sleeve, pretending to be innocent, "Uncle, didn't you give my sister a lot of money before? Is she planning to use that money to bid? But that sounds a bit strange, doesn't it?"

I thought Jack would immediately demand that money back.

But he just remained silent, lost in thought.

I won this photo again.

But the next set of photos terrified me even more.

This photo showed me lying on a dirty little bed covered in blood, with a baby sleeping next to me.

I immediately went crazy, rushing up to punch the big screen.

This was an indelible pain in my heart. Those bastards ruined my life!

"This photo is even more intense. Who knew Lily had a child out of wedlock?"

"She actually had a bastard child with an old man in the mountains. Lily is such a slut. No wonder Mr. Cold ignores her. He probably thinks she's too dirty."

I turned to look at Jack with trembling lips. Was he treating me like this because he thought I was dirty?