---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/266/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/266/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

Chloe, her face flushed, paused for a moment, taking a breath mid-long, wet kiss with one of the men. "What are you doing up here?!"

"You're the audience for today!"

I was utterly dumbfounded. If my wife wasn't alive before my eyes, I would’ve sworn she was possessed.

"I came to save you, my love! I'll make these beasts pay for this, I swear!"

Her body was covered in hickeys and unspeakable fluids.

I had the heavy electric chair strapped to my back, and tears streamed down my face.

The next second, Chloe opened her mouth and spat in my face. "You save me?"

"Liam Davies, this is their tribe's custom. What do you know?!"

"Only this way can the diamond mine business monopolize the global market and make our stock prices soar!"

I felt like I'd been struck by lightning. I couldn't believe this was the woman I had loved for so many years.

But seeing her surrounded by a dozen men towering over six feet, I guessed she was saying crazy things to protect me from harm. I stammered, "Chloe, don't be afraid, I'll find a way to save you right now!"

To my shock, Chloe lifted a leg, now free of its restraints, and kicked me in the chest. "Liam Davies, do you have a death wish? Are you trying to ruin Blakely Corp.'s diamond mine business?"

"This is a massive monopoly deal. Can you afford to ruin it?"

"Get back to the audience! Be a good spectator!"

Seeing her spout such insane remarks, I finally completely broke. "Chloe Blakely, are you out of your mind? What kind of business deal involves a gang orgy?"

"You’re publicly cheating on me with a dozen men! What am I to you? A fool?"

"You're Lily's mother! Aren't you afraid that if this gets out, she'll never be able to hold her head up again?!"

"Liam Davies!" she roared. "This is a business rule, 'When in Rome, do as the Romans do,' what do you know? Don't you dare slander me and my business partners!"

"Lily will understand someday. She'll know her mother did this for the corporation, for her!"

"As for you, you're just jealous of your wife, who's a successful businesswoman. Is that appropriate?" she demanded, her eyes red-rimmed and her voice filled with feigned hurt.

I looked at her, like a used plaything, hung disgracefully on that wheel, still spewing her shameless nonsense, and I instantly burst into bitter laughter.

Benjamin, right in front of me, violated her again!

I couldn't take it anymore. I swung the electric chair strapped to my back, trying to hit them, but the big brute kicked me flying again.

Chloe, panting heavily, glared at me. "Liam Davies! If you dare ruin my transnational business, I'll divorce you!"

"Ah… Benjamin, I want more. Benjamin, tie him up tighter! Let's continue!"

My heart died. I was like a slab of meat, allowing them to drag me back to the audience.

Benjamin picked up the remote control from the ground and turned the electric chair to its highest setting.

He sneered, "Learn how to be a good audience member!"

I was cold all over, a chill running down my spine. My eyes were vacant as I said, "Chloe Blakely, let's get a divorce."

"I don't want to be an audience member. I don't want to continue this ribbon-cutting ceremony. Let me go back home."

"I want to go back to Lily! This place sickens me!"

**截断点**

Benjamin held the remote control for the electric chair, flipping it on and off, the current shocking my body repeatedly until I felt I was about to die.

I heard the beast say slowly, "Mr. Davies, since you've come to our tribe, you must 'When in Rome, do as the Romans do.' Otherwise, it will negatively impact Blakely Corp.'s business."

