---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/266/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/266/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/266/1/"
---

"Don't your people have a saying about fate?!"

"Your talk of divorcing Mrs. Blakely right now is breaking her heart. She's doing this for the corporation!"

"Since you've betrayed such a good woman, and the child can't be without a father! We'll have to be less polite! Electrocute you? That's the easy part!"

I said coldly, "You'll pay for your actions!"

Benjamin sneered, slapping my face. "Are you dreaming?"

His dark face leaned in close. "Who the hell are you? A pampered pretty boy?"

"Do you know who the Chief is? I work for him! Do you know who you're threatening?! If you dare offend me, I'll make sure you never leave this country alive?!"

I scoffed. "The Chief?"

"Back when the Chief was studying abroad, he practically begged my Professor Davies for his diploma. Now he's practically begging me to take thirty of his daughters as wives!"

Benjamin gnashed his teeth in anger. "How dare you insult our Chief!" He swung a punch that landed on my face.

Blood gushed from my mouth and nose, and one of my molars flew out, accompanied by a violent ringing in my ears.

"Beat him! Beat this cocky outsider to death!"

"How dare he speak of the Chief like that?"

"He's making our tribe a laughingstock!"

Fists rained down on my face, and massive size 13 boots slammed into my chest. I ached all over.

"Don't kill him!"

"I don't want to be a widow! My child can't lose their father!" Chloe, barely clad on the stage, cooed. Only then did Benjamin reluctantly stop.

She strode up to me, pinching my chin. "Liam, are you crazy? How dare you slander the Chief! This is South Africa, not back home!"

"Control your mouth. I don't want to clean up your messes!"

"Do you know why they partnered with Blakely Corp. instead of the Shen Group? Because I'm better at dealing with people, better at doing business!"

"You have to make it through tonight if you want to be my man, Chloe Blakely!"

I stood stunned, watching everyone return to the stage and resume playing with the spinning wheel.

Chloe was re-tied to the center. Benjamin continued to spin the wheel. The men with number tags stripped off their clothes, pulled out props, and put on... raincoats.

Chloe's moans and throaty cries filled the air.

"Benjamin, you guys are amazing!"

"I'm going to…"

My eyelids were held open, forcing me to watch the repulsive scene. My heart had been run over by a tractor a hundred times.

Seven years ago, I was a college student. When I chose Chloe, my billionaire mother kicked me out. She said the Blakely family was insignificant, and that I was useless and unmotivated!

Yes, my mother was right!

I am so damn useless!

After a night of depravity, the miserable ribbon-cutting ceremony finally ended.

Chloe was discarded on the stage like a used rag, drenched in sweat, moaning all night.

She draped Benjamin's suit over herself and slithered towards me like a venomous snake.

I almost vomited from disgust. I said viciously, "Chloe Blakely, let's get a divorce!"

Her eyes red-rimmed, she looked at me. "Liam Davies, do you know what you're saying?"

"You want Lily to grow up in a single-parent home? Are you insane?"

She picked up the electric chair remote and shocked me repeatedly, cursing, "You ungrateful wretch! I'm doing this for the corporation and for this family! How dare you disregard everything just for petty jealousy!"

"It seems I've been too good to you, letting you get carried away!"

Then, she looked coquettishly at Benjamin. "Benjamin, my husband still hasn't learned to 'When in Rome, do as the Romans do' after a whole night. You guys need to teach him some more!"

