---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/266/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/266/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/266/2/"
---

I struggled frantically in the electric chair, resisting with all my might.

The next second, Benjamin kicked me and the electric chair to the ground, then stepped on my face with his leather shoe.

"Mrs. Blakely gave the order!"

"Brothers, we can't shame the tribe!"

Fists rained down on my face like hail, and foul-smelling leather shoes kicked me repeatedly. Along with the constant electric shocks, I was in so much pain I nearly died.

A flicker of distress finally crossed Chloe's eyes. "Liam, as long as you apologize to them and cooperate with the smooth launch of the diamond mine, I'll forgive you."

"Dream on! I'd die before I apologize!" I roared weakly.

"Chloe Blakely, not only will I not apologize, but I'm also divorcing you!"

Chloe pushed the men away, her high heel stomping on my head. "You were the one who shamelessly pursued me, willing to be my dog. Now you don't want to be? I won't allow it!"

Benjamin fawned, "Mrs. Blakely, he doesn't appreciate you, but we do!"

"We'll continue to teach him the rules! We'll make sure he learns to 'When in Rome, do as the Romans do'!"

"I'll make him learn from scratch!"

The phrase "from scratch" was chillingly ambiguous. The men nearby began to snicker, covering their mouths.

My heart sank. What were they going to do? What did "from scratch" mean?

As I wondered, all my clothes were ripped off.

Benjamin took a fruit knife from a huge brute.

"Are you going to kill me?" Cold sweat broke out on my forehead.

Benjamin sneered. "Why would we?"

"You're a VIP!"

"We're just letting you experience a unique African circumcision ritual! To help you 'When in Rome, do as the Romans do'!"

I struggled wildly, trying to find somewhere to hide. "You wouldn't dare!"

Benjamin scoffed. "Why not?!"

With that, the men dragged me onto the stage and held me down firmly.

Just as they were about to act, a voice echoed through the hall, "Stop!"

I looked up and saw several of my Professor Davies's former international students!

They had received careful guidance and care from my Professor Davies when they studied his language back home.

Benjamin sat arrogantly in a chair, like an NBA star. "What's up?"

One of the students said, "I saw your live stream and came right over."

"Benjamin, let this man go. I'll give you money."

"How much do you want?"

My heart warmed. Though my Professor Davies had been overshadowed by my mother his whole life, he truly had students everywhere!

I used the confusion to break free from my ropes again, scrambling desperately towards the exit.

The students shielded me, but Benjamin and his towering men were too formidable. We were at a stalemate.

"Are you even part of this tribe? Why are you helping outsiders?" Benjamin, a large lump on his forehead from a blow, roared.

Chloe suddenly walked up to me, furious. "Liam Davies, you're determined to ruin me and Blakely Corp., aren't you?"

"Your actions are seriously jeopardizing international relations! Don't you realize that?"

I scoffed, boiling with rage. "They violated my wife, and beat me to this extent. Who's jeopardizing international relations?!"

She slapped my face, her long nails drawing blood. "That's because you don't respect their customs, and you're hell-bent on ruining our business!"

"And you want a divorce from me. Benjamin and the others are just feeling sorry for a poor woman like me!"

"They don't want Lily to be without a father! They're just being helpful!"

She feigned a sob, wiping away tears. "Can't I just go back home with you? Stop being so disgusting here!"

"Tell these students of your Professor Davies to leave immediately! They're annoying!"

"The private mine business in South Africa cannot go wrong! This is the result of years of my hard work! Don't mess things up for me!"

With that, she tugged at my sleeve, trying to pull me away. I shook her off.

"Chloe Blakely! I said I'm divorcing you!"

"Can't you understand human language? Have the men played with you so much you forgot English?"