---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/183/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/183/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

Thinking it might be a burglar, I quietly hid around the corner, pulling out my phone to check the surveillance camera I’d recently installed. But as soon as I accessed the camera view, the scene made my eyes widen in shock, and I was furious enough to want to burst in. Jasper, usually so gentle and considerate, was stark naked, tangled with a woman whose face I couldn't clearly see. It was appalling and shameless.

As their movements became more intense, the bed shook even more, and I could faintly hear it from outside the door. Anger surged through me, and I instinctively wanted to rush in and confront them. But as I pulled out my keys, the woman’s sudden voice stopped me in my tracks.

"Jasper, Nora is already in late-stage kidney cancer, so why hasn't she handed over the company's power to you yet?"

"Can't you think of a way to make her pass quickly? I don't want to sneak around with you like this anymore."

Seeing the woman's face on my phone screen felt like a stab to the heart. The woman entangled with my boyfriend was none other than my beloved cousin, Hazel!

In the video, Jasper smiled as he wrapped his arm around Hazel's bare shoulder, kissing her cheek with a smug look.

"Don't worry, I asked the doctor. Her illness won't last more than six months. After that, she'll be gone!"

"We've endured this for so many years, a few more months won’t matter. It's better to keep our hands clean."

"Damn, that annoying old woman is finally going to die. Once she closes her eyes, I can inherit all her assets!"

"By then, don't worry about Finn or the one you’re carrying. I can afford to raise ten or eight kids!"

I opened my eyes wide and, after understanding his words, wished I could rush in and tear him to pieces. This bastard, deceiving me for love and money was one thing, but he even wanted to use my money to support illegitimate children!

But the last shred of rationality suppressed all my impulses. Watching the cheating couple become more arrogant on the screen, I clenched the medical report in my bag and coldly curled my lips.

You're so eager for me to die, but too bad, I won't fulfill your wishes.

Because the one diagnosed with kidney cancer isn’t me.

It's you, Jasper.