---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/183/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/183/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/183/1/"
---

Earlier on my way home, I received Jasper's medical report from the doctor.

I was initially overjoyed at being given a new lease on life, but seeing my misdiagnosis and Jasper’s confirmed diagnosis extinguished my joy in an instant.

Jasper and I were high school classmates. We started dating after graduation and have been in a long-distance relationship ever since. He wasn’t a gentle and caring boyfriend, nor was he very capable, but I inexplicably liked him.

Even after my promotion, when I felt him drifting away, I tried hard to bring him into my company and move forward together. In the past two years, our relationship gradually cooled. Feeling he didn't care for me as much, I considered breaking up.

But just as I was about to address it, the hospital’s report came back. I was in late-stage kidney cancer, beyond treatment, just waiting to die.

In my despair, I thought he would leave and seek new happiness. But to my surprise, upon hearing the news, Jasper became more serious than ever, comforting me to continue treatment and being more gentle and caring, seemingly more in love with me than before.

I thought it was the impending separation that made him realize his feelings, and I was deeply moved. I even secretly drafted a will, planning to leave all my assets to him after my death.

But fate didn’t follow my wishes. I won't die, and his dream of getting rich is destined to shatter!

After calming down, I hid around the stairwell corner and quietly called the police, saying there might be a burglary at my house. Then I posted in the neighborhood group, saying I snagged some discount eggs, a penny for twenty, but spots were limited to the first twenty people.

Hearing this, the elderly neighbors in the group buzzed with excitement. In less than three minutes, a dozen familiar elderly neighbors were at my door. I patiently soothed them to not make a noise before I opened the door.

I didn't know whether the room had excellent soundproofing or the cheating couple was too absorbed in their activities, but even when I opened the door, they were clueless and made no sound.

Seeing the scattered woman’s underwear on the floor, I screamed, pretending to just discover the situation, and rushed into the bedroom, kicking the door open. Jasper and Hazel were still in their own world, shocked by my sudden entrance, not even having time to put on clothes.

The elderly neighbors behind me, initially there for the eggs, were unexpectedly caught up in this thrilling scene. More excited than me, they blocked the doorway. Hazel hurriedly covered her face, and Jasper turned pale, trembling as he tried to explain, "Nora, let me explain..."

I shouted, "Explain what?" and slapped him hard across the face, leaving him with a bruised and bloody nose.

"Jasper, I'm just diagnosed, not dead yet, and you're already fooling around. Have you no shame?"

"All those sweet words before, were they all an act?"

"How much have I spent on you over the years, on LV belts and Hermès bags? Have I ever treated you badly, yet you do this to me, hiring a prostitute at home!"

The more I thought about it, the angrier I got. I slapped him several more times, feeling a sense of relief.

Hazel, seeing I was ignoring her, tried to sneak out wrapped in her clothes, but a quick-witted auntie grabbed her, pulling off her mask. Her face revealed, everyone was stunned, and Aunt Zhang, who was closer to me, exclaimed, "Nora, isn’t this your cousin!"

I snapped out of it, leaving Jasper wailing on the floor, and turned to kick Hazel, slapping her hard.

"Well, what a pair of lowlifes!"

"Hazel, I’ve never mistreated you all these years, yet you stoop so low as to seduce my man. Have you no shame!"

The more I thought about it, the angrier I got. Seeing a flash of green on Hazel's hand, I was even more furious, grabbing her wrist to show everyone.

"Everyone, look closely. This tramp not only stole my man but also my jewelry!"

"This jade bracelet cost me three hundred thousand, and I couldn’t bear to wear it myself. Yet she steals it!"

"Every time she came to my house, something would go missing. I overlooked it for family’s sake, but this time, I must send her to the police!"

Hearing my words, Jasper, who was initially trying to plead with me, changed his expression instantly. Despite being the cheater, he suddenly looked self-righteous.

"Nora, do you really want to make such a scene?"

"I advise you to stop! Don’t forget, you’re about to die!"

"Do you want to die without peace, to be cremated and scattered?"

Hazel, still clinging to Jasper's arm, spitefully added, "Jasper, don’t mind her!"

"This late-stage kidney cancer lunatic can barely live a month, so she can only flaunt here."

"When she dies, let’s see what she can do to us!"