---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/183/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/183/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/183/2/"
---

I coldly glanced at the trash couple, kicking them both in their chests, making them wail in pain on the ground.

Scum, you could die a hundred times, and I’d still be here.

Trying to mess with me, let’s see what else you’ve got!

After the police arrived, I quickly explained the theft situation at my house. With the bracelet on Hazel’s hand and witnesses, she couldn’t deny it. If she didn’t compensate, she’d have to go to jail for a few years.

Jasper got into trouble for aiding in theft too, and to avoid prosecution, he bombarded me with calls and texts, but I ignored them all.

After busting the affair, I quickly fired him and warned security not to let him in again. With my irregular work hours, it wasn’t easy for him to waylay me.

So when my mom called me to come home, I wasn’t surprised. I knew those two tramps must have gone to see her.

Sure enough, when I got home, my mom was sitting in the middle of the sofa. All my aunts and uncles, even Hazel and Jasper's parents, were there, playing with a five or six-year-old boy.

Seeing me, everyone’s expressions turned sour. The little boy glared at me and quickly ran over, stepping on my foot, resentfully saying, "You’re the bad woman who broke up my mom and dad, you’re a witch!"

Hazel pretended to scold him, "Finn, how could you be so rude?"

But I could see her smirking.

I was about to speak when my mom suddenly coughed, glaring at me unhappily.

"Nora, I called you here today not for anything else, but because as your mother, I need to educate you properly."

As soon as I arrived, the atmosphere shifted. The little boy glared at me fiercely and, when no one was watching, ran over to stomp on my foot, angrily accusing, "You're the wicked woman who broke up my mom and dad. You're just a terrible person!"

Hazel feigned anger as she pulled the child into her arms, chiding, "Finn, how can you be so impolite?" Yet, I could clearly see the smirk playing on her lips.

I was about to respond when my mom suddenly coughed twice and stared at me with displeasure.

"Nora, I called you here today because I'm your mother, and I need to set you straight."

"You're terminally ill, yet you continue to be so arrogant, not even saving face for your own family. Isn't this wrong?"

"We've always been aware of Hazel's situation, and I watched Finn grow up. Honestly, if I were Jasper, I'd also prefer someone like Hazel."

"Whether as a cousin or a girlfriend, since you're dying, why not be more generous and let them be happy?"

"Today, you should sign the letter of forgiveness. We'll pretend none of this happened, and when you're gone, you can rest peacefully. Otherwise..."

"Otherwise what? Will you grind my bones to dust?"