---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/162/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/162/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

Holding the pregnancy test result and touching the tiny life inside me, I felt an unprecedented sense of security.

I've been living in this world for 13 years, and at this moment, it feels like I've finally found a complete sense of belonging and attachment.

I transmigrated into this novel world after my death, becoming the malicious supporting character with the same name as mine.

But I thought I was lucky.

I arrived before the story unfolded, so I hadn't done anything to wrong the main characters.

In fact, because of the female lead's cheerful personality, we became best friends who could talk about anything.

I turned into a guardian of love, encouraging her to pursue her romantic interests actively, watching her fall in love with the male lead, and sending her off as a bridesmaid when she married the man she loved.

The female lead is the second person I want to share my good news with; as for the first, it's obviously my husband.

My husband, Declan, was originally the gentle second male lead in the novel, always silently protecting the female lead.

Perhaps due to the butterfly effect of my changes, he no longer follows the female lead but focuses all his attention and affection on me.

Walking together for 13 years, I truly felt loved, so I married for love without hesitation.

Now, our little family is about to welcome a new life, and I can't wait to share this good news with him.