---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/162/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/162/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/162/1/"
---

I thought about it, and instead of saying it directly, I decided to let him discover it himself. I sneaked into the study, sat in his chair, and casually opened a drawer.

An old notebook caught my eye. It stood out because it didn't match the neat and uniform files around it.

It should have been at the bottom, but a corner was accidentally exposed in the owner's rush.

I carefully picked up the notebook and couldn't help but laugh.

It was the type of girly notebook cover we used in our school days, worn with age, but the owner likely opened it frequently to record things, as the edges were curled, and the pages were yellowed.

We never had secrets between us as a couple, so I opened it without any hesitation.

On the title page was written in large English handwriting: Forever Love. I lowered my head with a shy smile, my face flushing.

Could this be a love letter he wrote for me? I took out the pregnancy test result, planning to place it inside.

I wanted to give him my most precious "love letter."

I carefully opened the first page and was instantly dumbfounded—my eternal love, Cora. Cora is the female lead in the story.

Suddenly, I felt my blood reverse, and my whole body froze as if my throat was stuffed with heavy cotton, making it hard to breathe.

My fingers trembled, yet uncontrollably, I read page by page. With a kind of obsessive self-torture, I read the entire diary word by word.

Rather than a diary, it's more like a love letter that can't be sent, summarized in just a few words: Declan loves Cora but can't be with her.

It turns out Declan was reborn; it turns out Declan always loved Cora deeply; it turns out all of Declan's care and affection for me was just an act!

He needed to keep an eye on me to prevent any possibility of me harming the woman he loves.

The joy of being pregnant vanished, leaving only bitterness in my heart. For 13 years, I never thought of harming Cora, but at this moment, I truly envied her.

I envied her for the brief kindness and warmth she once gave, which made a man remember her deeply for 13 years, even at the cost of entangling with the malicious supporting character to ensure her happiness.

My heart was in turmoil, tangled with pain and despair, and I couldn't even remember how long I cried, just feeling that everything around me turned into a terrifying illusion.