---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/194/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/194/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/194/2/"
---


Ethan and I were college sweethearts. Since our marriage, we were always seen as a model couple, and he was the ideal husband in my eyes.

 In our five-year marriage, I gave Ethan my utmost trust, never imagining he would betray me and our marriage. “Nora, will you marry me and become my wife?

 I promise to always be faithful to you…” Remembering Ethan’s proposal now seemed so hypocritical and laughable. 

After we got our marriage certificate, Ethan wanted to start a business for a better life and more choices for the future.

 However, his family was too poor to help, and without startup capital, he had to put the plan on hold.

 At that time, I was the only one who believed in his talent and wanted to help him achieve his dream. So, I swallowed my pride and asked my parents for money to gather the initial startup funds.

 But starting a business wasn’t as easy as Ethan had imagined. Due to his alcohol allergy, he couldn’t drink with clients, which became the biggest challenge in expanding the business. 

Later, I couldn’t bear to see him give up halfway, so I decisively quit my promising job to accompany him, meeting clients and negotiating deals.

 I’ll never forget that during one crucial business meeting, I had to drink high-proof liquor repeatedly to secure the project. 

Even before celebrating the signed contract, I suddenly felt excruciating pain in my abdomen and passed out.

