---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/139/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/139/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/139/1/"
---

Holding my biological child, my heart melted completely.

In my previous life, Luna had turned her into a complete hellion - not only was she unfilial to her parents, but she even did all sorts of terrible things to make money, with no regard for her own dignity. She ended up in prison.

By then I was already dead, floating in the air, watching her fate unfold with unbearable heartache.

Given a second chance at life, I was determined to give her all the love and valuable education she deserved.

She suckled contentedly, looking adorable and innocent. It was hard to imagine how Luna had managed to raise such a sweet girl into the mess she became later on.

As I was lulling her to sleep, a commotion suddenly erupted outside.

Luna was staying in a private room not far from mine. It should have been quiet, but now it was in an uproar.

I went to take a look and saw that it was Luna's wealthy in-laws, the Ling family.

Mrs. Ling was looking at the quiet baby girl on the bed with obvious disgust. "Luna dear, does your family have a history of genetic disorders?" she asked. "Otherwise how could the baby be born with a congenital heart defect?"

Mr. Ling didn't even bother to show his face.

Jack, Luna's husband, had a conflicted expression. After some hesitation, he spoke up: "Luna, even if we can keep the child alive for now, we can't protect her forever. I think it would be better if we had another baby..."

Luna's face turned ashen as she glared furiously at Jack. "What are you saying? Are you suggesting we give up on this child? You want to kill your own daughter!"

Jack's expression also darkened. "Can't you be more sensible? It's bad enough she's a girl, but she also has a terminal illness!"

Mrs. Ling chimed in with a nasty tone: "Neither our Ling family nor your Shao family has any history of genetic disorders. Who knows why this child was born with this condition!"

Luna trembled with rage as she grasped the cruel implication behind those words.

Standing at the doorway, I couldn't help but let out a cold laugh.

Luna only saw the comfortable life I enjoyed later on. How could she know the efforts I had made to raise that child to ten years old?

To treat the child's illness, I not only spent all my savings but also suffered my husband's betrayal. In the end, I could only take her north and south by myself, spending day and night waiting outside hospitals, eating steamed buns and drinking cold water, enduring all kinds of hardships with the sky as my blanket and the earth as my bed.

But Luna couldn't see any of that!

She only wanted to reap the rewards - how ridiculous!

In the end, Luna's insistence was met with a slap across the face from Jack.

Jack exploded in anger: "Our Ling family can't afford to lose face like this. If you insist on keeping this child, then let's get a divorce!"

To my surprise, Luna actually stood her ground, tilting her chin defiantly: "Fine, let's get divorced!"

Her eyes glinted calculatingly: "Your Ling family won't last much longer anyway. I'd rather not be associated with you anymore!"

I laughed to myself. So Luna's rare moment of backbone was just a ploy to abandon a sinking ship.