---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/298/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/298/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---


"Adam, what's your problem?! Can you stop being so sensitive every time a guy shows up around me?!"

The familiar voice snapped me back to reality.

I looked down at my hands, free of handcuffs,

And at Olivia in front of me, angrily gesturing...

I really had been reborn!

In my previous life, I had tried to stop Olivia from going out with Kyle to celebrate her birthday on this day.

Olivia had gotten into her dream school as planned,

But Kyle had ended up in prison for killing someone while drunk.

After hearing the news, Olivia had invited me over to her house and set me up,

Taking off her clothes and filming a video before calling the police.

I was sent to prison. My parents, devastated by the online attacks, committed suicide by gas.

When my parents were dying, Olivia was right outside the door,

Coldly filming their final moments before leaving with a smile.

The next day she visited me in prison,

And showed me that video in its entirety,

Screaming at me hysterically:

"Adam, if you hadn't stopped me, how could Kyle have ended up in prison?! I've always had top grades, even if I had gone out with Kyle the night before exams I still would have gotten into my dream school! You're just selfish! Kyle died for nothing, so I'm going to make your whole family pay!"

I had a congenital heart condition, which Olivia knew about.

So when I had a heart attack after seeing the video,

I saw the smile lingering on Olivia's lips...

This chilling memory made my expression darken further.

"Oh come on, Liv, you have to understand our star student Adam here. He's too scared to take you out partying, so of course he's a bit jealous that Kyle gets to hang out with you..."

Olivia's friend's words pulled me back to the present.

Olivia looked at me with disdain and laughed.

Then she linked arms with her friend and said coyly:

"Kyle said he has a big surprise planned for my birthday celebration tonight. I'm so excited! Getting to celebrate turning 18 with such a hot guy, I'm sure I'll do even better on the exams tomorrow..."

I laughed coldly to myself.

Earlier that morning, I had overheard Kyle talking to his friend in the bathroom:

"Tonight I'm going to show that little girl a real good time, don't any of you dare interrupt us!"

"But she has exams tomorrow, don't go too crazy!"

"Exams? My girl doesn't need to worry about exams. Once she's in college, she won't have anything to do with me anymore..."

It was because I had overheard this conversation that I had desperately tried to stop Olivia in my previous life.

This wasn't a birthday celebration at all,

It was a plot to ruin Olivia's entire future...

But Olivia was too naive to see it.

Thinking of this, I looked up at Olivia's flushed face and smiled.

"Go ahead, Olivia. I'm sure with that hot Kyle by your side tonight, you'll do great on the exams tomorrow."

Chapter 