---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/298/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/298/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/298/1/"
---


Olivia was stunned for a moment by my response,

But quickly smiled again at the thought of her upcoming date.

Realizing I needed to get home to prepare for tomorrow's exam,

I picked up my bag to leave.

But as soon as I stood up, Olivia's friend pushed me back into my chair.

Olivia glared at me coldly and quickly snatched my phone and exam admission ticket.

"Trying to leave? I bet you just want to go home and tattle to my parents! I'll keep these safe for you and give them back at the exam site tomorrow. If you dare tell my parents, you can forget about taking the exam!"

I looked at Olivia helplessly.

"Olivia, you know how important this exam is to me. I promise I won't tell your parents, but please don't mess with my future, okay?"

Whether Olivia would even make it to the exam site tomorrow was questionable.

There was no way I could leave my admission ticket with her.

Seeing that Olivia had no intention of returning it,

I quickly stood up and rushed over to her,

Grabbing the ticket that was still in her hand.

My tone was icier than ever before:

"Olivia, give it back."

"Oh ho, looks like our star student is angry! See Liv, you guessed right, judging by his reaction he was definitely planning to go tattle to your parents! We can't give this back to him!"

Olivia's hand, which had started to loosen slightly,

Tightened its grip on the ticket again after her friend's goading.

Olivia was a girl after all, so her strength couldn't compare to mine.

I squeezed her wrist hard, and her grip started to weaken from the pain.

"Liv! Think about your date with Kyle, we can't let it get ruined!"

Olivia's expression suddenly changed.

She quickly used all her strength and yanked backwards!

"Riiiiip..."

My admission ticket tore in half...

The friends who had been egging Olivia on suddenly went pale.

Tears that had been welling up in my eyes for a long time finally fell.

An overwhelming sense of despair and helplessness washed over me.

Even in this new life, I had lost my future...

Olivia's face cycled through various shades of green and white. After a long moment,

She threw the torn ticket at me.

"Adam, this is your own fault for trying to stop me from going out with Kyle! You brought this on yourself!"

With that, she grabbed her friend and ran out like mad.

As soon as the classroom door closed, I heard laughter from outside.

"Liv, that Adam really is your lapdog, huh? You ripped up his exam ticket and he didn't even dare say anything!"

"Ugh, he's always been that weak. How could he compare to Kyle's confidence and charm..."

Olivia's words pierced my heart like a needle.

My tolerance for her had been mistaken for weakness...

Olivia and I had studied together every day since middle school,

Getting into our dream college together was the future we had promised each other.

But ever since Olivia met Kyle outside of school, everything had changed.

Today's Olivia clearly no longer wanted a shared future with me.

Thinking of this, I threw the torn ticket in the trash.

I knocked on the door of our homeroom teacher's office.

"Mrs. Davis, I've made up my mind about that scholarship to State University. I think it's a better fit for me than Ivy College..."

Mrs. Davis looked at me with delight.

"Good, you shouldn't have given it up in the first place. State U's physics lab will be perfect for you to shine."

When I got home and told my parents I wouldn't be taking the exam, they breathed a sigh of relief.

They had been worried when I gave up the sure thing at State U for Olivia's sake.

Now things had worked out the way they wanted after all...

Chapter 