---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/360/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/360/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/360/3/"
---


Too tired to deal with them, I turned to leave, but Seraphina grabbed my arm.

"Amelia, you just got here! Why leave so soon? Stay and enjoy the party!"

"Didn't Brother Julian prepare a gown for you? I thought he'd arrange something for you too!"

I raised my eyes and stared at Julian, but he nervously avoided my gaze.

Seraphina continued to chatter.

"Oh, that's right. Amelia, you're such a rough person, I guess you wouldn't know how to wear a gown anyway. No need to waste Brother Julian's money."

I cursed silently in my heart. Sweetie, when I was wearing gowns, you were probably still crawling around in diapers.

But I maintained a polite expression.

"Oh, you're absolutely right. I'm just a crude country bumpkin. But Seraphina, you're so generous, I'm sure you'd be happy to take off your gown and let your 'older sister' wear it, wouldn't you?"

Julian spoke up.

"Amelia Vance, do you really have to be so difficult with Seraphina? It's just a dress. I'll buy you one, okay?"

I smiled, looking at Julian.

"Oh, yes, just one dress. But everyone at this party is dressed elegantly, and you specifically told me to dress simply. What was your intention, then? To make me a mere backdrop for your first love?"

Julian looked a little flustered.

"Do you have to be like this, Amelia? I already told you, Mom and Dad don't like their daughter-in-law dressing too flashy."

I swirled the red wine in my glass, watching Julian perform his little act.

"Is it really your parents who don't like it, or is it your beloved first love?"

Seraphina quickly interrupted.

"Amelia, if you think it's me, then it's me! As long as you don't fight with Brother Julian, I'm willing to take the blame."

"I'll toast to you, hoping you'll calm down."

She raised her glass, trying to clink it with mine.

I scoffed.

"I have a severe phobia of trash, so no, I won't be clinking glasses with a b*tch."

Julian roared, "Enough! If you can't behave, then get lost! Don't be an eyesore."

I turned to leave, but Seraphina suddenly rushed forward and knelt in front of me, grabbing my hand and trying to pull it towards her face.

"It's all my fault, Amelia, please don't be angry."

In Seraphina's violent tug, I lost my balance and spilled the red wine from my glass onto her gown.

She shrieked in terror.

"Amelia, how could you do this? You can hit me, curse me, but how could you take it out on this gown? This is a haute couture gown worth millions, the only one in the world!"

"If you can't afford to pay for it, Amelia, you'll be facing jail time. And I truly wouldn't want to see that happen to you."

I just laughed. A chilling, slow smile that spread across my face.

Seraphina looked confused.

"Amelia, you're about to go to jail. Why are you still laughing?"
