---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/195/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/195/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

"Declan, what kind of joke is this? Everything you have now was given to you by our family!"

"If the Anderson Group goes bankrupt, you'll have nothing left!"

My wife Fiona didn't believe a word I said and continued to mock me: "I even thought about letting you manage the company as a formality after you step down as VP."

"But now it seems someone as lowly as you, with ambitions beyond reach, is unworthy of managing our Anderson Group!"

"I want a divorce. Get out of the Anderson Group!"

I looked at Fiona's disgusted, perfectly made-up face and gritted my teeth: "Fine, let's divorce!"

Fiona sneered and handed me a divorce agreement. The terms demanded that I leave with nothing!

"When you married into our family, we signed an agreement. If we divorce, you can't take a penny, and you have no right to refuse!"

Instinctively, I looked at my in-laws. Fiona might not understand my contributions to the company since she doesn't work, but they should know better.

But my in-laws, who praised me at lunch, now avoided eye contact, their stance clear!

Amid the guests' laughter, I heard some whispers.

"No matter how capable Declan is, he's just a son-in-law living with them. If his wife says to dump him, she can dump him!"

"He's just brought in billions in revenue for the company, acting all superior in front of us. But at home, he's still just a pushover for his wife."

I knew these people always looked down on me. Even though I poured my heart into Anderson Group and took it public in five years, expanding into overseas markets.

I looked at my wife and the man behind her, and the last glimmer of hope in my heart extinguished.

The person I once shared a bed with used me as a stepping stone, secretly plotting with that man to replace me entirely!

"Alright!" I choked out.

Before I finished speaking, Jack eagerly put his arm around Uma's shoulder: "Oh dear Una, rest assured. With my help, the company will develop even faster!"

Uma returned his embrace, her radiant smile dazzling, stinging my eyes!

It was a smile she never showed me!

Even though I married into her family and endured countless humiliations!

Even though I turned myself into a vassal of the Anderson family!

With those thoughts, I hesitated no more. I signed the divorce papers and left without looking back!

