---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/195/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/195/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/195/1/"
---


As soon as I left, the employees who never respected me started to gossip.

"With that son-in-law gone, our days will be much better."

"Yeah, the Andersons are wealthy and kind. With Declan gone, company benefits will surely improve!"

"I heard from a friend in the secretarial department that the Andersons wanted to increase employee benefits several times, but that son-in-law always vetoed it. After climbing from the bottom, he looked down on us!"

Not far from them, I heard their words and couldn't help but chuckle. Did they really think I could veto decisions made by the top leadership?

In fact, during my years in charge, I constantly applied for benefits for the company, only to be blocked by my in-laws, who didn't want to give any benefits, wishing employees would work for free.

Now, hearing them praise my in-laws as kind-hearted, I almost laughed!

If I hadn't always spoken up for the employees, they wouldn't be so eager to kick me out.

To them, I was just a VP. Kicking me out was no big deal!

I left the venue and called a number that had been in my phone for five years.

"I’m done with Fiona."

The person on the other end chuckled coldly: "You should have ended it sooner! Since I found out Fiona was seeing other men, I've been telling you to leave. Now you've finally come to your senses! Since that's the case, come home."

"For years, you stopped me from taking action against the Andersons, but I won't hold back anymore."

I said, "Got it, sis. I'll come home soon."

Fiona didn't know I was actually from a wealthy family. Years ago, due to family changes, my sister had to exile me to protect me.

Two years ago, she finally avenged us against the Li family, allowing us to live peacefully again. She reconnected and showed evidence of Fiona's affairs.

Unfortunately, I was still in love with Fiona then, thinking she hid it because she loved me. Why else would she do it, right?

Despite knowing my unreliable in-laws, I started planning for any unforeseen changes, hoping to have leverage against the Andersons.

But I never thought I'd need to use it.

After losing hope, I agreed to go home. My sister immediately wanted to send someone to fetch me.

I smiled and said, "No need. I should handle these things myself."

My sister agreed but couldn't help but nag: "I've always told you to come home. I'm getting married, and the family business will be yours. There's no need to marry into another family. Who needs a small, shabby company like that?"

"For your next marriage, I'll find you a suitable heiress."

