---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/195/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/195/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/195/2/"
---


The next morning, Fiona was at the registry before I was for the first time.

Throughout our seven years of dating and marriage, she always made me wait, whether for a small meal or a whole day of plans. She'd rather pay to replay a movie than arrive early.

For her, it was a game to tame me. Making me wait at least half an hour each time showed I loved her.

Seeing me, she stood there arrogantly, waiting for me to approach.

I coldly looked at her and said, "If you don't come over, there won't be a divorce."

That hit a nerve, and only then did Fiona walk over. After getting the papers, she smugly said.

"Look at you now, older than Jack and less capable."

"Did you know? Yesterday, Jack took over the company and immediately signed a big contract with Carter Corporation! You couldn't close that deal after a month, but he did it right away. Haha, without you, my future is smooth sailing!"

I coldly watched her, not bothering to respond.

Carter Corporation's contract was always picky, and they were rushing us lately. I didn't take it because I suspected issues with the deal.

I didn't expect Jack to take it right away.

He didn't even consider if it would impact them.

It seems this so-called top student might be overhyped. Anyone with a brain wouldn't make such a blunder.

I sneered, too lazy to deal with these fools, and turned to leave.

As I stepped outside, I saw an eye-catching Rolls Royce my sister sent.

The woman in the car took off her sunglasses, revealing a stunningly beautiful face.

It was my sister's longtime friend, Phoebe.

Seeing me looking, Fiona sneered: "Don't bother looking. No matter how much you look, she won't be yours!"

I ignored her and walked over. The woman got out, smiling as she tossed me the keys, saying: "Young Master, the car returns to its rightful owner."

I got in the car, and as I did, Fiona's disdainful voice rang out: "You brought out a domestic limited edition car, Declan. I didn't know you loved me this much. Too bad, do you think I can't tell you're putting on a show, trying to make me think you're a super-rich second generation so I'd grovel and beg?"

I found her amusing. Fiona, spoiled since childhood, always carried an unwarranted confidence.

Seeing my silence, she added.

"Don't forget, the only one available for rent is with my friend. Do you believe I can call her now, and she'll revoke your rental rights, ensuring you never rent a luxury car for show again?"

I ignored her foolishness, hit the gas, and sped away.

The phone rang, and Phoebe put it on speaker. I heard Fiona's furious voice: "Without you, my life will get better and better! And you, you'll always be the trash beneath my feet!"

"If you're smart, come back and apologize on your knees. I might consider giving you a way out. Otherwise, let's see how long your little stash can keep you alive!"

I disregarded that foolish woman, stepped on the gas, and quickly drove away.

My phone rang, and Phoebe put it on speakerphone for me. I heard Fiona yelling, "Without you, my life will only get better! And you, you'll always be beneath me!"

"If you have any sense, come back and beg for forgiveness. I might consider giving you a way out. Otherwise, let's see how long your little stash of money can keep you afloat!"

I replied, "Fiona, after the divorce, you have no right to involve yourself with me, understand?"

With that, I hung up and threw the phone out of the car, deciding to sever all ties with her completely.

Phoebe taunted me, "You and your sister fought over this woman for years?"

I was at a loss for words. "Wanna grab a bite at my place?"

She replied, "Of course, after all, I am your future fiancée."

I paused, a bit taken aback. I hadn't expected my sister to have plans for us. Phoebe just smiled and asked, "What, you don't like me?"

I thought, it's not about liking or disliking. After all, no matter how promising the beginning, the end is always the same.

