---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/195/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/195/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/195/3/"
---


Back home, my sister looked at me for a long time, snorted, yet didn’t say anything.

She directly arranged for me to join the company and handed over all her responsibilities to me, showing complete trust. It warmed my heart.

In the Anderson Family for years, I never earned this kind of trust. They either criticized me for not being a top university graduate or complained that a project I handled lost them a million dollars.

No matter how much I explained about relationships, long-term benefits, or concessions, they didn’t care.

When their precious daughter brought home an unknown man, they immediately arranged for me to divorce her.

I don't know how much my in-laws despised me over the years. Even when they smiled at me, they were always thinking about how to get rid of me.

Thinking back now, I was foolish.

But not anymore.

My sister placed Phoebe by my side, supposedly to help me take over the company.

I looked at the woman in front of me, speechless. She stretched out her leg wrapped in black stockings and teasingly asked, "What, afraid of me?"

Afraid of her? I snorted. But it led us to start working together on company matters. Soon, we were handling the first deal after I returned to the company.

Just after the project was discussed, I got a call from Fiona.

"Things haven't been going well for you, right? Here's a chance. If you lower your head and apologize to me, I'll let you come back to work at the company. How about that?"

I knew right away that Fiona must have run into some trouble with a project. Otherwise, she wouldn’t be so generous.

I said, "No thanks."

I was about to hang up when she suddenly yelled, "Declan!"

"I'm giving you a chance because we were married for years. Otherwise, believe it or not, I'll blacklist you online, and you'll never find a decent job again!"

I laughed, more in disbelief than anger. "No need. Without you, I'm doing just fine."

I hung up. A minute later, she called back, unable to contain her frustration.

"Do you know there's a problem with the project you signed before? The company is expected to lose fifty million! If you don't come back and fix it, I'll sue you and make you pay!"

5  

Hearing this, I couldn't help but laugh.  

Her inexplicable confidence was both amusing and puzzling.  

"Go ahead then, do as you please. I've already left the company, so whatever happens there is no longer my concern. If you insist on blaming me, I have nothing to say."  