---
layout: novel
titleO: "One Sentence"
title: "One Sentence"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 269
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-08 15:03:57"
rating: 4.4
rating_count: 67
---

#Chapter1 Friday morning
PROLOGUE
I never once in my life thought that there will come a day when my ever peaceful life will turn into chaos. But no matter what or how handicapped I may be at first, I'm going to fight with every last strength in me till I take my last breath to be a survival. I must survive to show this piece of trash the gate way to hell.



Waking up in the morning because of the sun reflection on my face, it dawned on me that it's morning already. Damn, I hate Friday mornings. Don't ask me, I really don't know why.
In the twenty four years of my life, I have hate Friday mornings, oh but I love the parties that come at night. Funny huh?
Heaving a deep sigh, I remain lying in my bed, what to do, what to do, I began my usual mantra of every Friday morning. Well, I'm not a lazy girl, I run a makeup shop, it was a graduating gift from my father. Yep, you know it, I'm rich.
I glance at my alarm clock, believe me it hardly wakes me up in the morning. Not that the thing don't do its job, I'm just a heavy sleeper and hardly hears it ring. Looking at the time, I discover that it's 8:15, see? I'm a heavy sleeper. I finally get my lazy ass of the bed to begin my normal routine, dress my bed, brush my teeth, take a shower, get dressed then go downstairs to fix a breakfast before leaving for my shop.
I climb out of bed, doing exactly that then stripping myself to enter the bathroom. I wrap myself with a towel before entering the bathroom. I stare at myself in the room at my freshly energised face before I pick my toothbrush, putting a paste on it, I dip it into my mouth then start brushing.
I know what you are thinking, yes, I live alone in a four room duplex, don't forget what I say, I'm rich. Filthy rich. A girl of my age somewhere might not have seen the kind of amount I spend every Friday night in her account all her life. Well, my mama and papa loves me. Don't forget my older brother, Jax, oh he is a darling. My family my pride.
Even though I run my own business, dad still gives me weekly allowances, at the end, I don't know what to do with all the money. But who doesn't like a comfortable life?
No, stop thinking that, I'm not a brat. I'm not saucy and I'm not a bully. I'm actually quite nice, caring and loving. I don't praise myself but it's the actual truth. I can still remember how I paid for Darryl's school fees in college for four years straight. Shit!
That reminds me, today is Tony's birthday, my boyfriend. I quickly rinse my mouth and brush, placing my brush in the hanger, I scramble out of the bathroom in still my towel and reach for my phone on the vanity to text him a sweet stupid birthday message. Yeah, I'm quite romantic aren't I? Blah.
Other girlfriends stay up at night till twelve am to send a birthday message to their boyfriends and I'm sending mine at 8:45 and I still have the guts to claim to be romantic, ha.
Well, he has to deal with it, I do mine when I wake up. I love my sleep. After sending him the message, I drop my phone on the bed and stroll back into the bathroom. I close the glass and turn on the shower, whoop, it's cold, a little.
I take my shampoo and start washing my hair, believe me, it's a big work. But I like it, in its chestnut brown color. Honestly, I still don't understand how I happened to get a chestnut color hair since my mom is blonde and dad is black. Jax though took after mom, it always make him look dazzling when standing under the sun. Seriously, if he is not my brother, I would be drooling when I see him.
I turn on the shower again to rinse off the shampoo in my hair, then I scrub my body with the body wash, rinsing off once more, I turn off the shower then open the glass and walk out. Fetching my towel from the hanger, I dry my body before tying it round my chest. I step out of the bathroom into the bedroom with my hair dripping wet to hear my phone's ringtone. 
I walk closer to my bed and pick up my phone to see that Tess is calling. Tess is my best friend, we have been together since third grade and we are totally inseparable, "hi babe."
"Girl, guess who just called me now?" Tess's voice sounded in my ear in her shrilling scream.
I wince and momentarily put the phone away from my ear before placing it back, "dunno, tell me" I urge her, leaving my bedside to get a new towel from my drawer since my hair wants to soak everywhere.
"Darryl!" She scream while I freeze.
"Darryl?" It's been so long I have seen Darryl. After our graduation, he had left the country to seek for greener pasture. According to him, he can't live off me for the rest of his life, not that I mind though. I pick out a towel and start drying my wet hair.
"Yes Darryl. He said he has been trying your number since last night but it wasn't connecting, so he called me instead."
Ah, well, I'm fond of putting my phone in airplane mode every night. I love my sleep, "what did he say then?"
"Well, he said he will be coming back soon."
I frown, "soon? He called just to say that?"
"Well...he..just.." Hmm, believe me, whenever Tess stutters, know that she is lying.
"Hmm, are you hiding something from me Tess?"
"What? No. I just called to tell you because I know you will love to hear from him that's all."
"I see. So Darryl didn't say anything? He didn't tell you the specific time he would be back?"
"No! That reminds me, today is Tony's birthday, are you still throwing him the party?"
Switching topic, typically of Tess hiding something. Well, I'm not in the mood to force her to admit it though, "yes. I did promise him to do that, so I will."
"Where, The Blues?"
"Nah, his place. He said he would prefer there."
"Okay then. When are we going over to decorate it?"
"I'm not doing that. I will hire Stella and her team."
"Why are you so lazy Aria?"
"I'm not lazy" I shrug. Indeed I'm not, I just like helping people in any way I can. Even in the simplest way of decorating a house for a surprise house party. Not that you will call it a surprise, since the celebrant is aware.
"Suit yourself" she hiss.
I chuckle, "of course I will" I drop my towel on the floor and pick my hair dryer, I plug it in the socket and start drying my hair.
"Whatever. See you in thirty, that dryer of yours is deafening my ear" she hang up even before I could reply. I chuckle once more. Taking the phone from my ear,  I frown when I saw no message from Tony. He should have replied by now shouldn't he?
Well, I place the phone on the table and focus on drying my hair. I will call him when I get to the office if he hasn't called by then.




