---
layout: novel
titleO: "My Hubby Is A Mafia"
title: "My Hubby Is A Mafia"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 251
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-08 15:03:57"
rating: 4.1
rating_count: 47
---


Devin’s  POV
"Sir, we got a call from the Russians to sign your new agreement with them"
one of my men informed me. He looked scared by my presence, eye's not daring to meet mine. One of my rules is not to look straight into my eyes unless you wish for death then go ahead. Do it.
Why?
Because low class shouldn't be able to look into my eyes. I have a long scar on my left cheek from one of the fights I went to. Making my appearance more intimidating. I'm the leader of the most feared Mafia in America and Canada, just hearing my name makes people scared. I'm rich in every aspect, the only thing I lack is love. I was never graced with the tenderness of a mother's touch or the support of a father. No, my parents never loved me, to them I was a nuisance a mistake. They just wanted me to be the heir. They never gave me the slightest attention growing up. My Life was full of cruelty, my childhood robbed from me. I knew, no one cared about me.
My parents died last. He treated me as if I was his own child. Although he's my father's younger brother, Tobias will always be my father not him.
"Just tell them to meet me at my hotel that near the casino." He nodded but he looked hesitant to leave as if there was more.
"Spit it out." My deep voice boomed with impatience
"Sir...w-we have a traitor-" his voice suddenly halted in horror as he looked at my furious expression.
Who dare betray me? 
funny, he made the wrong choice.
"B-but we got him. He's now in the cell in the Main Dungeon, waiting for punishment." I laughed humorlessly. I can feel my excitement towards the idea of torturing the man.
What a sadistic thought.
"Good, let's go shall we?" As we make our way out the building, all my workers bow their heads in respect. My driver Ed opened the backseat car door for me and nodded at me. I curtly nod back as my reply. I hopped into my car. Three cars lead and another three cars follows me being in the middle. Yes, it's high security.
After 20 minutes of driving, I'm stuck in traffic.
F*cking traffic jam wasting my time
I growled in annoyance.
I looked out of my window, as something caught my eye. It's a girl. She looked beautiful no, beautiful didn't cover it perhaps gorgeous. She was the most gorgeous girl I've ever seen.
Mate!
MATE!!
My wolf jumped in happiness. Finally after all these long years I finally met my soulmate.
Her beautiful brown eyes were so captivating. Her brunette hair glistening in the sun. I never knew why I was into brunette woman but now I know. Her dress hugged her curves perfectly, her lips appeared ....mmm.... soft. Wind blew her hair causing her to look even more beautiful. She looked up at the buildings and a small smile appeared on her sweet lips, then her attention fell on something someone. Someone was calling her. Her eyes sparkled in happiness. I followed her gaze and landed on a girl with blonde hair, she ran and hugged her tightly. I felt envy at the blonde haired girl.
She got a hug from my gorgeous mate while I on the other hand ached with need to touch her practically hugging myself to help restrain my wolf and I. My guards sense something is wrong with me, before I get to open the car door I'm being pulled back by them. They know my wolf is trying to take over. They can also sense the powerful aura of their Luna nearby, I keep trying to get out of their hold but I felt sharp stinging on my neck. It's probably the blue moon liquid, it's the liquid to calm my wolf down incase something like this happens.
They said something and went to a door which lead to the second floor in the same building that had the cafe on the first floor. I saw a board named
LE Ballet Dance Studio(the ballet)
she does ballet?
Gosh if that's true I would be more than happy to be her audience. My mind started to imagine when she danced. Her body moving, following the song. Ah, what a sight.
But, I don't know her name.
Damn it!
I looked at my limited edition Rolex watch it showing 11:30 a.m. I quickly call my track team. They can find anything even if it's private.
"Yes boss, what can I do for you?" Leo my specialist team leader answered. He's been working for me for 5 years. He is the most loyal person including my bestfriend James.
"I want you to find all the information you can about a girl that's learning ballet at the Le Ballet Dance Studio. Just find all her information and send it to me tonight. I don't give a f*ck if it's hard or complicated all I know is I want HER information TONIGHT!! GOT IT?" I barked through the phone.
"Yes sir" He said and I smirked thinking that I will know everything about my girl tonight. I sighed when the traffic lights turn green meaning I can continue my journey. As I walk into the dungeon, scent of blood and misery hit my nostrils. I smirked, loving the smells. Call me cruel or heartless. I don't give a F*ck.
My eyes land on the traitor that has been tied up on the chair. His eyes widened when he saw me turning into a big Lycan werewolf. Yes ladies and gentlemen, I'm a werewolf. An Alpha to be exact. This is one of my secrets, only my trusted men know this. They are also a werewolves.
I walked around him dangerously in circles while eyeing him like a predator looking at his prey. Sweat started to form on his forehead, his body shaking violently. I smirked loving this kind of reaction.
"Tell me who you work for!" My menacing Alpha Voice boomed through the dungeon. His eyes started to water. Scared like a little kitten, Stupid Traitor.
"I-iv-van s-sir" He said while stuttering. Ivan? hmm? I Should have guessed it from the beginning. I was cut out of my thoughts when I heard a weak voice pleading to me not to kill him, I smirked.
"Tsk tsk tsk, It's too late" I said before pouncing on him and biting his head off. Red liquid started to spread on the floor. I spit out his head and mind linked the others to clean up the mess. I change back to my human form and take the shorts that's been offered towards me and leave the dungeon ignoring the screams of pain and begging for help.
"Sir the meeting will start at 3:45 p.m. that means you have 35 minutes left sir." My third in command said and I curtly nod.
"No need to rush because they're not going anywhere. When I get there I'll show them why he shouldn't send his cheap leaches in my territory" I said with evil smirk. My third in command gulped when he heard that. He knows what will happen when his Boss said that.
Trouble.
Yes ..I loveee that word.

