---
layout: novel
titleO: "Lucky Marriage"
title: "Lucky Marriage"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 237
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-08 15:03:57"
rating: 4.2
rating_count: 89
---

"Congratulations, Miss Michelle. He is a cute son."
At the same time, she was lying on the operating table, weak and limp. After hearing the doctor's words, she passed out completely.
The next night.
A thin ray of light came in and sprinkled on the corner of the quilt. Although her face was pale, it did not hide her bright and radiant appearance.
She had a caesarean section, and there was a knife on her lower abdomen. Whenever she moved, she felt pain all over her body, and she had been sleeping restlessly after giving birth to the baby.
At this moment, a group of people suddenly appeared outside the hospital corridor.
He stopped at the door and respectfully said to the tall man next to him, "Sir, this is it."
With his dark eyes, he glanced at the transparent window of the ward. It was so dark that he couldn't see anything. He pushed the door open and went straight in, turning on the small wall lamp on the wall.
With a stretch of his long arm, he pulled out a chair and sat down on the edge of the bed. Then he casually put his coat on the chair behind him.
He looked indifferently at the woman who just gave birth to his child.
The sudden bright light pierced his eyes. He was uncomfortable and in a daze. Sensing someone coming in, he turned over vigilantly.
A strange man sat on the edge of the bed. With the help of the lamp on the wall, Rita saw him clearly.
His features were hard and delicate, with straight nose and deep eyes, and he looked very aggressive.
He had a cold temperament, which could not be ignored. At this moment, there was no expression on his face. He was wearing black clothes and black pants, and his sleeves were slightly rolled up, revealing wheat skin. His arms were strong and full of strength.
He just sat on the chair casually, but his calm and domineering manner made him feel oppressed.
Having not spoken for a long time,Rita asked in a dry voice, "who are you?"
"Nine months ago, I was in room 817." Machel was hard to tell whether it was because of his deep and lazy eyes or because of his shrewdness. He stared at Rita without blinking. After two seconds, he said in a neither hurry nor slow voice, "he is also the father of your child."
Rita's eyes narrowed. Her scrutinizing of the man was immediately replaced by hatred. She was so angry that her wound almost cracked again.
She grabbed the pillow at her hand and threw it at him. Gritting his teeth, Rita spat, "get out!"
Did Sara arrange it again?
Seeing that she is giving birth today, he can't wait to find that criminal to humiliate her?
Seeing this man, it seems that the nightmare days nine months ago are fresh in her mind. She was drugged by Sara Michelle. Her sister died in prison.
And she found out that she was pregnant a month later. Her life was like days in the hell, all because of that night.
After knowing this child, she didn't intend to stay. She secretly took the medicine but failed to abduct it.
But she took medicine and hurt her body. The doctor told her that if she insisted on getting rid of it, she might not be pregnant in the future.
Maybe it's due to motherhood. When giving birth at risk, she would rather sacrifice herself to let her child live.
But now, seeing the man, her long-standing hatred has completely erupted. If she can bear the child, this man who deserves to die can't.
Michel Andersonducked slightly and carefully examined the weak Rita.
His skin was very white, because she had just given birth, her body was weak and showed a sickly pallor. The fingers holding the quilt were thin and beautiful. It was also these hands that left scratches on his back.
The whole person looked more petite in the tall and broad figure of Michel Anderson, and her shoulders trembled in the narrow single bed.
She cried, looking weak and desperate, and strong hatred.
That night, both of them were drugged. Michel Anderson's eyebrows were twisted. His throat rolled and his voice was hoarse. "Sorry."

