---
layout: novel
titleO: "The Law of Lust"
title: "The Law of Lust"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 223
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-08 15:03:57"
rating: 4.4
rating_count: 53
---

###Chapter 01

"Thank you so much Mr. Ferrer, we don't really regret that you are the one we chose to handle my son's case. You deserve a better price, a BIGGER price than what we have been discussed." She said with a full smile on her lips and shakes my hand repeatedly.

I just answered her with my humblest smile that I can offer that time. I managed his son's case about bribery, and he was found not guilty because it turned out to be just a set up. His son is running for Vice Mayor in their province— such cases are normal especially when the campaign is near.



"You don't have to thank me Mrs. Winston, I just did my job," I replied while there was no emotion in the tone of my voice. "For now, I have to go, my secretary will just call you about bills and payments," I added, and we just shook hands again for the last time then I at once turned my head back and started to walk.

I am Wayne Ferrer; I am one of the best lawyers in the country. It's not about bragging because I'm just telling the truth. Truth is my second name! My name is very well-known on this field, that's not surprising. They called me 'Lawyer of No-Failed-Cases'... I don't think I need to explain to you about that, right. Because ever since I started defending my clients inside the court, I haven't lost any of my case. They trust me enough reason I already built my firm. The WHF Law Firm.

Ever since, that's really what I dreamed of because I want to be the boss when it comes to the firm. I also don't want other Law Firms who force their lawyers to handle a case that is against their will. I don't want to defend someone who's guilty from their doings because I still have principles in life. I am not a lawyer to defend the wrong people. I'm here because aside from I'm good at this ... I want to help those people to be free from wrong accusations. You'll never expect how smart I am when I'm inside of the court— and on bed. I'm very much single but I still choose the women I have sex with because I don't want to lose my license in an instant when an issue occurs.



I CONTINUED to enter my office and fall into my swiveling chair. I at once grab the white folder that sits here on the table because I have another case that needs to be handled this coming week. But not long after, the door of my office suddenly opened even though I didn't hear any knocking.



Even before I throw a gaze who it was, I heard a series of applause. I gave my famous poker face when I recognized him. This man's behavior is rude, he's obviously a lawyer but he doesn't know how to knock. Tsk. But because he's my friend, I just ignored it because I'm used to it.



By the way, he's Attorney Brent Ong, he's on the field of being a company lawyer. If I'm not mistaken, he's in the Legal Department at El Zey Group... a company of my friend Zeid. I didn't specialize in company law before but it's okay because I'm too busy being a trial lawyer.



"Bravo! Bravo! Bravo!" He spoke one after another as he approached my table. "Congratulations, for the n'nt time you've won another heavy case, Ferrer." He continued.



I smiled simply before I turned my attention back to what I was reading when he sat down in front of the table.



"I'm really impressed with you." He said more.



"Tsk. That's not hard as I expected," I simply answered.



"Don't be too humble. So? Let's celebrate later. What do you think?"



"Pass. I have a next case that needs to be reviewed," I replied without even looking at him because my attention was on the folder I was holding.





"What? Do you have the next case right away? You are really workaholic, dumb*ss. What is your next case then?"



I was about to answer him when we were interrupted by a series of knocks on the door from outside... "Come in!" I answered and we both stared at the door slowly opening.

I saw Yella... Brent's secretary holding a black folder, she's just an intern here at my firm because she's just waiting for the result of the bar exam before she becomes a full-fledged lawyer.



"Good afternoon, Attorney Ferrer, good afternoon, Attorney Ong." She greeted the two of us.



I just nodded in response. She was used to the fact that when she didn't see Brent in his office, he was just here in my office so maybe that's the reason she was here. Yella slowly approached our seat before she said, "Attorney Ong, someone's waiting for you at the lounge— '



"I knew it! She's here again?" Brent interrupted his secretary's words.

I just looked back at what I was reading because I have nothing to do with their topic.



"Yes, Attorney Ong."

I even saw in my peripheral vision that she handed the folder she was holding at Brent.

Brent accepted it and looked at it for a moment and then sighed. "I told her countless times that I was not yet available for pro-bono." Brent speaks calmly this time.



"She said, she's willing to pay half, sir."

Brent sighed again. I understand him because sometimes there are nasty clients who don't understand when the pro-bono isn't available yet.



"I already told her that I'll get back to her case when I'm available for pro-bono, I still need to prioritize the fully paid ones. She's really getting into my nerves. Just go back to your place and don't approach her again." Brent said and closed the folder he was holding.



"But sir, she's in the waiting area right now."



"Let her, just let him wait for nothing." Brent replied. I just don't have a comment on how he takes care of his clients because we have different methods.

I just heard the door close and then he quickly sighed again.



"It's really stressful, it looks like I really need to drink later." He spoke. I just shook my head while laughing. "That Leigh Devon is really annoying." I even heard Brent whisper those words which caused me to quickly throw him a gaze and frowned.



Wait? Leigh Devon?


