---
layout: novel
titleO: "No Love Left to Give"
title: "No Love Left to Give"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 106
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-08 15:03:57"
rating: 3.9
rating_count: 98
---

We'd been married for eight years when Conan Grande posted a tweet tagging his secretary, Mindy Campbell, saying, "You guys should ship us together. We look good together, after all."

I liked the tweet, but seconds later, it vanished.

Then, I received a video call from Conan. Mindy was crying in the background, and there were also a number of our mutual friends there. Conan kept yelling at me and calling me stupid and petty for not getting that it was just a joke.

Five minutes later, however, Mindy's Instagram profile picture had changed to a photo showing her face and Conan's adorably squished together in the frame.

If this had happened in the past, then I would have immediately stormed over to wherever they were and demanded an explanation for everything. I wouldn't have let up until I got a satisfactory answer and made everyone miserable in the meantime.

This time, however, I honestly didn't care anymore.

I was in the middle of clearing away the dishes and cake from the dinner table when Conan came back home.

It was his birthday yesterday. And he'd told me that he was bringing home a few friends to celebrate together.

I had purposely requested a half-day leave and busied myself with cooking for the rest of the day. However, I waited up all night, and Conan never appeared.

I wouldn't even have known that he had changed his plans at the last minute if I hadn't seen Mindy's Instagram story.

"Did you make the cake yourself?"

Conan came by and smeared frosting all over my cheek. When he saw me nod, he smirked and said, "No wonder it's so hideous."

If I'd heard this in the past, I would've immediately started crying and arguing with him about it. But this time, I didn't even bother saying anything.

Conan watched me busying myself and probably felt a little touched.

"Ingrid Zinger, I bought some paella for you."

"I saw."

Every time Conan yelled at me, he would always bring me food afterward. It was like an unspoken rule that we made it up to each other.

"I'll go heat it up."

He then walked into the kitchen without giving me a chance to reject him.

Ten minutes later, something started to burn on the stove.

Since Conan was still in the bedroom, I had to rush over and turn off the fire on his behalf.

While taking out the paella, Conan's phone, which he'd left on the kitchen counter, suddenly lit up with a soft ping. 

It was a text message from Mindy. 

"Thank you so much, Coco. You made me really happy last night."

Before I could avert my gaze, Conan's icy voice already came from behind me.

"Who gave you permission to spy on my phone?"

"I didn't—ow!"

Conan had angrily shoved me from behind, and the bowl of hot paella spilled onto my left hand, where it blistered instantly.

Conan then looked at me as if I was daft before offering to send me to the hospital.

Even though it was excruciatingly painful, I tried not to make a huge fuss and just followed him out.

The first thing I saw when I got into his car was a huge, custom-made cutesy sticker Mindy must have stuck on the dashboard of the front passenger seat. It said, "Mimi's Little Throne".

Conan's face changed. "Mindy just stuck it there because she was bored."

I answered calmly, "Oh. It's pretty cute."

The car then descended into total silence.

Conan looked at me with a weird expression. "Aren't you going to tear it off?"

I blinked at him.

Why would I want to tear it off?

Oh, right.

If this had been in the past, I would have definitely thrown out everything in the car that other women had purposely left behind.

But now, I didn't even care about Conan anymore. So, why would I give a damn about his affairs?

"Can we please hurry up and go to the hospital? I still need to get to work after."

Conan stepped a little harder on the pedal when he heard me say that.

We were just one turn away from the hospital when his phone suddenly rang with Mindy's personal ringtone.

Mindy then made a fuss, saying that she'd had too much to drink last night, and she had such a terrible headache that she couldn't fall asleep at all.

After hanging up, Conan didn't even spare me another glance before making a U-turn and speeding off toward Mindy's apartment.

Conan parked the car, flipped through the glove compartment for the hangover pills I'd prepared for him, and bluffed, "I left an important document at Mindy's place. I'll be back with it soon."

Then, he got out of the car, locked it, and went up by himself.

I waited for an entire hour in the car.

It was terribly hot and stuffy inside, and it was starting to get hard to breathe. I could feel all the energy leaving my body, and yet, Conan still hadn't returned.

I found the emergency hammer in the car and used all my might to break one of the windows. Then, I dragged my limp body out of the car and got help from the guards to send me to the hospital.

That night, Conan came home and saw me eating takeout.

"Why didn't you order anything for me?"

