---
layout: novel
titleO: "You Chose Betrayal? Too Late—I’m Done With You"
title: "You Chose Betrayal? Too Late—I’m Done With You"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 70
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-08 15:03:57"
rating: 3.9
rating_count: 29
---

After the 99th time she cleaned up after one of Caelora's rising stars in the business world, Jacqueline Blanchett made a call.

"I want to reinstate my identity as a field doctor. I won't come back unless I die."

The man on the other end sighed deeply. "Years ago, you went there because you wanted to earn money for Hayden's surgery. You almost died there! Now, you've only just reunited with him for less than half a year. Won't you regret it?"

Jacqueline looked at her withered reflection in the mirror and gave a bitter smile.

She had been born into a family of doctors. After her parents' deaths, she raised her younger sister, Penelope Blanchett, alone. She could have worked at Caelora's best hospital after graduation, but she chose to become a field doctor instead.

Even when a bullet tore through her thigh, and even when an explosion took her arm, she never regretted that choice.

But now…

"No, I won't regret it. Send a car to pick me up in ten days."

With that, Jacqueline hung up. With her prosthetic hand, she picked up the scattered condoms on the floor.

In the past six months, Hayden Gardner had brought home a different woman every night. He forced Jacqueline to listen to their lovemaking through the door and clean up afterward. He even ordered her to prepare contraceptives for the women he slept with.

All of that was an act of revenge for the supposed betrayal she had dealt him years ago.

Each time, she had run away from the scene like she needed to flee for her life.

But this time, she stayed. For seven days and nights, she didn't budge, remaining rooted to the spot in self-inflicted torment.

On the first day, she grabbed Hayden's sleeve with her prosthetic hand. Her eyes were reddened and her voice trembling as she asked, "Why won't you spare my sister?"

Hayden's gaze was calm, almost indifferent. "Did you spare me or her back then?"

On the fifth day, he told her to make Penelope some nutritious meals to boost her health.

The faint light from the lit cigarette flickered between his fingertips, shedding a dim glow on the satisfied look in his eyes. "Your sister tastes better than you ever did."

On the seventh day, it was finally over.

A cold light flickered in Hayden's upturned eyes. "Back when you left me when I was sick and dying, did you ever imagine your life would turn out this way?"

Jacqueline met his gaze that remained unchanged even after three years. The boy she had once known blurred and overlapped with the man standing before her.

They had grown up together as childhood sweethearts. Even their parents had encouraged them to get engaged when they grew up. Everyone had expected them to get married someday, including themselves.

When Jacqueline turned 18, Hayden had rested his head in her lap underneath the falling cherry blossoms. 

He had taken her hand and said, "Jacqueline, let's get married after we graduate."

But fate had other plans. Jacqueline's parents died, and Hayden was diagnosed with leukemia. On the day she found out she was a bone marrow match for him, Jacqueline had broken up with Hayden without hesitation.

Hayden had chased her all the way to the airport, bending his proud back that always stood tall and straight. He begged her heartbrokenly between sobs.

He had told her he didn't want her marrow and that he could silently wait for death to claim him. He had told her he would give her everything she wanted, saying that if she left, he would never forgive her.

But her steps never faltered for his sake.

A second before he was wheeled into the operating room, he had felt death's grip tighten around his throat as he dialed her number. If she had just answered or just said one word, he would have forgiven her.

But she didn't. And so, he hated her for that.

In three years, Hayden had become the most feared man in Caelora's elite circle. He was ruthless and calculating, showing no interest in women.

Everyone knew there was only one person he hated, and her name was Jacqueline Blanchett.

When she reappeared in Caelora, he cut off all her financial support and forced her to work as the Gardner household's housekeeper.

Only Jacqueline knew the truth. She had left back then to earn the 50 thousand dollars required for his medical treatment.

Two agreements had once been laid out before her. On the left was the bone marrow donation agreement, and on the right was the assumption of risk agreement for field doctors.

The one on the left gave Hayden a second chance at life. The one on the right made her witness countless deaths.

Staring into her bloodshot eyes, Hayden spoke in a voice that had an expectant edge to it. "Do you regret it now?"

Jacqueline snapped back to the present from her reverie. She suppressed the turbulent waves of emotions in her heart and forced a nonchalant laugh.

"Of course I regret it. If I'd known you'd turn out like this, I wouldn't have left you even if you begged me to. Am I to take it that you can't let go of the past, Mr. Gardner? How much do you plan to pay to keep me as your mistress now?"

His expression darkened instantly. "As expected. I've gotten my hands on the bone marrow donation agreement, Jacqueline."

Upon hearing that, Jacqueline froze. So, he found it? Did that mean he had found out what really happened back then?

Hayden didn't notice the panic flashing through her eyes. He slapped the thin document hard against her chest.

He said, "It was Penelope who donated her bone marrow to me back then. If not for her, I'd be dead."

Then, he shot a cold and furious glare at her. "You two are sisters, but why are you so heartless? Ten days from now, I'll marry Penelope."

Jacqueline felt her throat constrict with bitterness. Of course. How could she have forgotten? She signed the donation agreement all those years ago under Penelope's name.

She had been afraid that if she died, no one would be there to care for Penelope. The only person she could entrust her to was Hayden.

Jacqueline didn't argue or protest, instead saying calmly, "That's a shame. It looks like I won't get to be your mistress, after all. I wish you two a happy marriage."

In ten more days, she would be gone, anyway, and she was never coming back.

