---
layout: novel
titleO: "He Loved My Sister. I’m Better Off Without Him"
title: "He Loved My Sister. I’m Better Off Without Him"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 357
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-08 15:03:57"
rating: 4.8
rating_count: 85
---

I once thought that Christopher Reed's love for me was the highest form of love a man could have for a woman.

Even when I went from Dovemont's most favored socialite to having my private photos spread everywhere and becoming a promiscuous woman everyone hated, Christopher didn't think twice to stand by me and publicly announce to the world that he'd proposed to me. 

It wasn't until I overheard his conversation with his henchman, Elias Monroe, that I learned that right from the start, his love had only ever been for my stepsister, Winona Archer.

"Mr. Reed, I've carried out your orders and arranged for those men to assault Ms. Juliette. She's suffered a huge blow this time. I believe she'll stay out of the public eye for a long time and won't be a threat to Ms. Winona's career any longer.

"But why did you have them take those photos and spread them? Isn't... Isn't that going too far?"

Christopher turned the rosary in his hands as a cold smile played on his lips. 

"But what I'm after isn't her temporary retreat from the stage. I need to ensure she never dares to stand on one again. That's the only way Winnie can feel at ease. 

"Of course, I'm not completely heartless. As long as she marries me and becomes my wife, she'll want for nothing for the rest of her life. That's my compensation for her." 

Elias looked puzzled. "But… But you love Ms. Winona so deeply. Can you really give up the woman you love and marry someone you feel nothing for?"

Christopher's eyes narrowed as he gazed into the distance, his gaze filled with a certain tenderness. "It's precisely because I love her that I can't bear to trap her within the petty scheming of a wealthy family. She's meant for much broader horizons."

Outside the door, I bit my lip hard to keep from crying out loud. Christopher's words were like sharp blades, plunging deep into my chest.

After that nightmarish experience, I had believed Christopher was my salvation. But who would have thought that he was the mastermind behind it all?

That explained why he had suddenly started showing me affection a month ago, despite having no interactions with me in the past. 

No wonder he claimed to have secretly loved me for ten years, even though the one he'd been showing attention to had been Winona all along. So that was how things were. 

It turned out that everything had been for Winona. 

My stomach churned violently. I clamped a hand over my mouth and stumbled toward the toilet, retching until I felt my insides twist.

When there was nothing left to vomit, I finally braced myself against the wall and staggered to my feet. Suddenly, a pair of hands steadied me from behind.

I froze, turning to find Christopher standing there.

Once, those large, sturdy hands had brought me warmth and an indescribable sense of safety. But now, they made my skin crawl. The grip on my wrist didn't feel human. Instead, it felt like there was a cold, scaly tail of a serpent coiled around my wrist.

Christopher took out a handkerchief and gently wiped the mess from my face. Then, he smoothed my messy hair as if he truly cared. 

"Juliette, were you thinking about those men again? Staying cooped up at home isn't going to do you any good. Why don't I take you to an auction to take your mind off things?"

I wanted to refuse him, but I had no ground to do so.

After the incident, my father, Maurice Archer, who had once doted on me endlessly, believed that I was a disgrace to the Archer family. So when Christopher proposed, he eagerly handed me over like he was discarding a piece of trash.

I had no one left in my corner. I had no choice but to follow Christopher to the auction.

…

The moment we entered, the sound of familiar whispers nearly drowned me.

"Hey, isn't that the eldest daughter of the Archer family? Her scandalous photos were leaked everywhere! How does she have the nerve to show her face here after all that?"

"Exactly! They say she was the victim, but trouble always finds those who invite it! What does she expect after the way she dressed in such figure-hugging attire and danced so intimately with other men on stage? I'd say she brought it all on herself!"

"Who's to say she was forced? Maybe she just took the game too far…"

My chest tightened, making it hard to breathe, and my hands began to tremble uncontrollably. 

Through chattering teeth, I whispered, "C-Christopher, I want to go home."

But his grip on my hand tightened, and he put on a deceptively gentle expression. "Juliette, I'm right here with you. What have you got to be afraid of? I'll protect you."
