---
layout: novel
titleO: "Four Babies, One Bombshell: I'm Not the Father"
title: "Four Babies, One Bombshell: I'm Not the Father"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 379
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-09 15:03:57"
rating: 4.4
rating_count: 124
---

 I dated Vivian White for five years, but I'd never even held her hand.

She would always dodge me gently and lower her head as she said, "I want to save myself completely until the day I get married."

I cherished how chaste she was, and it made me respect her more.
 
Finally, on the day of our fifth anniversary, she asked me to meet her at a hotel.

There were candles and red wine, and the atmosphere was more romantic than it had ever been between us.

She snuggled into my embrace. "I want to become yours tonight."

When I woke up the next day, I saw the bloodstain on the sheets and felt troubled.

Vivian was curled up at the side of the bed, crying. "You need to take responsibility, Rowan."

I hugged her tightly and promised solemnly. "I'll marry you."

A month later, she went home with me to meet my parents.

As soon as she sat down, she took out a list from her bag and pushed it in front of my mother, smiling.

"I don't come from a wealthy family, so your family can take charge of the wedding. I want three million as a wedding gift, and I want my name to be added to the house and the car. I want the gifts to be notarized. I'm not after money. I just want to make sure you have the right attitude."

She turned to look at me and smiled as she asked, "You agree, don't you, Rowan?"

Mom's expression changed. "Are you already coveting our family's assets before you're even married?"

I held Mom back and tried my best to sound calm as I said, "A wedding gift of three million isn't that much compared to the standards around here. The house and car are fully paid for, so according to the law, it will only be common property if there are any loan payments made after we marry. Once the babies are born, property can be transferred to them."

When Vivian heard me mention the law, she scoffed.

She pulled out a piece of paper at a measured pace and placed it gently on the coffee table.

"Look carefully. These four babies are yours."

Her gaze swept over every single one of us, and she suddenly raised her voice. "I've decided to change the requests I made earlier!"

