---
layout: novel
title: "Married for 10 years. Wife's been in jail 10 times."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 172
cover_image: "/images/married-for-10-years-wife-s-been-in-jail-10-times-.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-05-18 21:10:05"
rating: 4.5
rating_count: 11
---

Married for ten years, Phoebe has been incarcerated ten times.

Each time she is released, she arrives with a newborn, leaving the chaos for me to handle.

“There are no precautions in prison, so why can't you just take care of a few more kids?”

The wives of the fathers of these children show up at my door, demanding child support and compensation for the nights they lost with their husbands.

They even injured my five-year-old son because of this.

On the day my son was seriously injured, after bearing humiliation, I hurried to pick up Phoebe from prison, only to find her friends had already organized a welcome party for her at the most luxurious restaurant.

“Phoebe, Gideon has waited for you for over a decade and has been raising kids that aren't his. He's more loyal than any devoted follower.”

“Yeah, while you've been off visiting dozens of countries under the guise of being in jail, he's been so broke he's been washing other people's clothes for money.”

Phoebe laughed, “If I weren't pregnant with Asher's child, I wouldn't have come back so soon this time. Just looking at that old fool disgusts me. But since he’s willing to be a nanny, let him serve both me and Asher well.”

My face turned pale as I left the divorce papers and walked away.

Her friends tried to calm the situation, “Come on, Gideon, we’re just joking.”

Phoebe stopped them, “If you want to leave, then leave for real. Don't come crawling back later.”

I looked at Phoebe, resolute, “I will never regret this.”
