---
layout: novel
titleO: "Rejected? My Alpha's Been Waiting"
title: "Rejected? My Alpha's Been Waiting"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 497
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-12 15:20:50"
rating: 3.8
rating_count: 70
---

At the ceremony where I became Alpha Jeremy Wilkin's mate, his Omega childhood friend sent a message that she was carrying his pup.

Without hesitation, Jeremy dumped me and brought her back home. 

Not long after, I saw his childhood friend, Rebecca Larsen, post an intimate photo of them in our marital home. 

Right afterward, Jeremy sent me a message, "Rebecca is pregnant, and her morning sickness has been severe. I need to take care of her.

"She wants to raise the pup herself, but life is already tough for her as an Omega. I can't bear to watch her give up on this innocent pup.

"Don't you also want a pup? Once the pup is born, you can raise it as your own as a Luna."

Before I could reply, he sent another message, "As for our mating ceremony, it can only be postponed to after Rebecca gives birth to her child."

As I read his message, I felt a sense of bitterness in my chest. Did he really think the daughter of the most powerful werewolf pack's Alpha couldn't live without him?

Immediately, I dialed Alpha Hayden Meyer's number. "I'm missing a partner for the mating ceremony. Would you like to take the spot?"

While staring at the statue of the Moon Goddess, I was in pain as I replied to Jeremy's text, "Do you know what you're talking about? You cheated, delayed our ceremony, and now you want me to raise your bastard pup with that she-wolf. 

"Is your heart made out of stone? Who do you think I am to treat me like this?"

I received a call from him after sending the message. "Shirley Gibson, are you mad? Who are you calling a bastard? That's my pup, and it'll soon be yours. How can I entrust the child to you with that attitude of yours?

"Don't forget that you're my Luna. It's your responsibility to raise my pup!"

I was practically shaking with anger. Just as I was about to shoot back, I heard Rebecca's tearful voice. "Luna, I know it's all my fault that you guys are fighting. I'm so sorry. I'm just a lowly Omega, so I'm not worthy of his love despite being his fated mate. However, the pup did nothing wrong.

"This is Jeremy's pup. They should have the chance to see all that life has to offer. If it's me that you can't stand, I'll gladly disappear after the pup is born. This way, you three can live your happy little life together."

My wolf, Diane, could no longer hold back. "Rebecca is truly vicious! She pretends to apologize, but every word of hers is dripping with accusation. She's just mocking us for being cold-hearted and forcing us to accept the bastard pup of hers. How shameless!"

Deep inside, I knew that it was the truth. However, Jeremy didn't share the same opinion.

"Shirley, I never knew you were such a vicious woman. You weren't there when I went into heat under the full moon. Rebecca only got pregnant because she helped me.

"It's not her fault. I already explained it to you. What else do you want me to do? I'm ordering you to apologize to her. If anything happens to her, I won't forgive you!"

I pressed a hand against my chest when I heard the line go dead. The sharp ache in my chest caused me to crouch down and try to ease the stabbing pain. 

Suddenly, a pair of hands caught me. Through my blurry vision, I saw that it was Hayden. He seemed to have run his way here from how ragged his breathing was.

He gazed at my tear-filled eyes before lowering his gaze. "Shirley, you can still back out. If—"

"No ifs," I interrupted him. After wiping away my tears, I stood up. "Once I decide on something, I never regret it."

Hayden immediately dropped his usual careless demeanor. With a solemn expression, he walked beside me to the altar and stood before the Moon Goddess.

"I, Alpha Hayden Meyer, ask Shirley Gibson to become my mate."

"I, Shirley Gibson, accept your invitation, Hayden Meyer."

The ceremony was brief and lasted no more than a few minutes. Yet, Jeremy wasn't even willing to spare me this effort. 

When it was over, Hayden looked over at me possessively. Suddenly, he sank his teeth into my neck.

I asked instinctively, "What are you doing?"

Hayden narrowed his eyes slyly. "I'm leaving my mark, of course!"

Once werewolves had chosen each other in the pack, the male werewolf would bite the she-wolf on the nape to mark her. After the mark, the bond between mates would grow stronger, making their connection even closer than before.

In the very next moment, I heard Louis—his wolf—excitedly calling out, "We abandoned the pack's negotiations just to hurry here and make you our mate. At least, it's finally done now!"

When I heard that, a wave of warmth and distress washed over me.

Hayden looked over to me. "Now that you're the Eclipse pack's Luna, you should come back with me to meet the other werewolves."

After thinking for a moment, I replied with a frown, "I plan on heading home first. I still have some of my belongings I need to take along."

"Let me send you off then," Hayden offered.

However, I shook my head decisively. I told him to head back to the Eclipse pack first, and that I would follow later.

After all, I was heading back to the marital home I shared with Jeremy. I was scared that Hayden would feel upset.

Just then, Hayden also received an urgent call and needed to leave.

I hailed a cab and rushed home. This house had been carefully chosen by Jeremy and me. Thus, not only was it located conveniently, but the surroundings were just as lovely. 

However, I didn't expect to run into Jeremy stepping out of the bedroom as soon as I went inside.

He let out a snort. "So, you do remember you have a home? Rebecca is already asleep. Once she's awake, you can apologize to her. Because of you, she didn't even eat much."

I stared at him for a few seconds before taking a deep breath. "Jeremy, let's end this. I'm here to pack my belongings."

When I moved toward the bedroom, he blocked my way. He shoved me angrily and said, "Are you done causing trouble? Have I been spoiling you too much?

"We've already sworn before the Moon Goddess, and we're only lacking the ceremony. Do you want to break the vow now? Who do you take the Moon Goddess for to defy her?"

I sneered. "How can you say that I'm the one breaking the vow? You were the one who wasn't satisfied with the mate chosen for you by the Moon Goddess and chose me instead. Now, is that how you show respect to the Moon Goddess? By cheating on your mate and siring another she-wolf's pup?"

Jeremy pointed at me shakily, too furious to fight back.

Suddenly, the bedroom door creaked open. Rebecca stood there timidly. "Jeremy, don't fight because of me. It's only normal that the Luna doesn't like me. I'll leave now."

After saying that, she turned and ran toward the door.

Jeremy shot me a vicious glare and went after her. He scooped her up in his arms, his expression full of concern.

"This is my house, so I have the right to decide on who goes or stays. You should stay here and rest for the pup's sake. No one's going to change that."

After letting out a bitter laugh, I decided to give up on my belongings and turned to leave. Suddenly, a sharp pain pierced the back of my head, and I fell unconscious. 

