---
layout: novel
titleO: "The Rose Will Bloom in Time"
title: "The Rose Will Bloom in Time"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 129
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-14 15:06:36"
rating: 4.5
rating_count: 64
---

I had been in a relationship with Lucas for three years, yet he still wouldn't propose to me.  
Then, he fell head over heels for my stepsister and started pursuing her fiercely.  
This time, I didn't cry. I didn’t sit back and wait for him to come to his senses like I had in the past.  
Instead, I threw away all the gifts he had given me, cut up the wedding dress he had secretly bought for me.  
On his birthday, I left New York alone.  
Just before getting on the plane, Lucas suddenly messaged me.  
"Why aren't you here yet? Everyone's waiting for you."  
I smiled, didn’t reply, and blocked all his contact details.  
What he didn't know was that, just half a month ago,  
I had accepted the proposal from my Senior, William.  
After landing in the new city, we were going to get married.  

---

"William, I've made up my mind."  
I stood in front of the mirror, staring at my pale, frail reflection.  
It turns out that making such an important decision in life wasn't so difficult after all.  
"Jennifer... will you say yes to my proposal?"  
On the other end of the line, William's voice came through, heavy and deep.  
Suddenly, my heart ached a little.  
As the tears fell, I nodded lightly. "Yes, I accept."  
"Jennifer, I'm so happy."  
"Do you know? I’ve been waiting for this day since college."  
In the mirror, I didn’t notice when a faint smile had appeared at the corners of my lips.  
"William, wait for me for half a month, let me finish dealing with things here."  
"Okay, Jennifer, I'll wait for you."  

As soon as I hung up, the door to my room was suddenly pushed open forcefully from the outside.  
"Jennifer," my father coughed awkwardly.  
"Your sister isn't feeling well, and your room gets a lot of sunlight. How about you swap rooms for a few days?"  
I didn’t respond, my gaze landing on my stepmother and stepsister Lydia behind him.  
My stepmother hurriedly spoke up. "Leo, there's no need to trouble Jennifer."  
Lydia also looked pitiful. "Yeah, Dad, it's fine. Don't let me make my sister upset."  
"There's no trouble at all. You’re also my daughter," my father said firmly, then turned his serious gaze toward me. "Jennifer, you're the elder sister, you should be more understanding."  
I stood there, stunned, staring at my father.  
I thought I would be heartbroken, that I would cry.  
That my father, my own flesh and blood, would love a daughter with no blood relation to him more than me.  
But not a single tear fell.  
Instead, I smiled and nodded at them.  
"Alright, I'll swap rooms with her."  
In half a month, I would leave here forever.  
Which room I stayed in no longer mattered.
