---
layout: novel
title: "Betrayed in My Sleep: A Cruel Awakening"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 295
cover_image: "/images/betrayed-in-my-sleep-a-cruel-awakening.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-05-21 22:56:06"
rating: 4.4
rating_count: 81
---

I deliberately left the window open, letting the crime boss hear me with someone else all night long.

The next morning, he asked me with a gloomy face, "Can I join in?"

But I just embraced others, coldly refusing.

"Don't you like your little sister the most?"

The man's eyes turned bloodshot, but he didn't dare to take a step closer.

Only because as his woman, I had helped him expand his business for ten years. In the end, he'd rather marry a college girl than fulfill his promise to marry me.

His subordinates couldn't understand and started protesting on my behalf.

"Boss, Aria has helped you build your empire. She's a valuable asset. Didn't you used to dote on her? Why are you marrying someone else now?"

Ethan stubbed out his cigarette, fiddling with the couple's ring he shared with Lily.

"Aria? A woman with blood on her hands. Every time I think about sleeping with her, it gives me the creeps. How can she compare to my darling?"

"But Aria is so clever. What if she finds out and turns against you?"

Ethan frowned and sneered, "The whole city is already mine. Without her, I'm not afraid of losing anything."

Little did he know, I had heard everything from outside the door.

I threw the medicine I was going to give him in the trash and sent a SnapChat to his arch-enemy Xavier.

"Want Ethan's territory and life? I'll give them to you!"
