---
layout: novel
titleO: "Blinded by love, Bounded by desires"
title: "Blinded by love, Bounded by desires"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 546
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-15 14:30:55"
rating: 4.3
rating_count: 53
---

I had a gift for my husband, the man who has done so much for me.
Today is his birthday anyways, and he was coming back from his two weeks trip today.
A smile lit up my face, I really couldn't contain my excitement.
Soon he walked into our matrimonial room, but this time with a woman.
I wanted to tell him...I finally got my sight back.
The woman carefully pulled off her shoes while Thane told her to be silent.
"Honey are you back?" I could see it all, but I didn't want to believe this was my husband.
"Yes darling, I want to watch a movie. I really wish you could watch it with me" he replied casually like he wasn't doing something unholy on our matrimonial bed.
"Are you tired? Want to have a bath before your movie?" A tear slid down my eyes which stayed on the wall yet I could still see everything.
"No, I really want to watch this one" 
"But my leg hurts, won't you even help with a massage?" I wiped my tears as he came over to place a kiss on my cheek.
"I'm too tired to give that honey, I'll do that later"
"Is someone else in the room?" The lady panicked hearing me say this as Thane rolled his eyes not knowing I could see him.
"No love, remember I have been trying new perfumes these days" 
"Oh, okay" I tried to remain silent as he had sex with the lady in front of me while she moaned in delight.
"What's that sound Thane?" I knew what the sound was but I wanted to see what my ever smart husband would come up with.
"I told you I was going to watch a movie. It's just the movie" Thane replied
I nodded, my hand gripping my walking stick tighter.
"Let me listen too even if I can't watch" I stood up from the chair while the girl went on her knees to satisfy my own husband.
"Do not bother yourself, I like it this way honey. Just seat and rest your back so you won't fall" 
I wanted to call him a liar, show the whole world his true colors...but I couldn't.
I didn't have enough power to.
I watched them complete their deeds and she walked out of my room even waving at me thinking I couldn't see her blond head.
"What would you like to eat" Thane walked over to place a hand under my chin, the same hand he dipped into the woman's mouth.
"Go and have your bath first, I'm sure the movie and coupled with work was tiring"
"Yes it was" 
"I'm sorry I couldn't get you anything good for your birthday" I apologized like the gift wasn't staring straight at him right now.
"It's alright, there is always next year" he kissed my forehead and rushed into the bathroom to clean himself up.
My throat felt choked, I wanted to cry but I didn't dare. I felt my heart being squeezed over and over again.
He walked out to put on his clothes as a knock was heard.
"The food is ready sir and ma'am"
I thought that would be all till he pulled the maid closer and kissed her passionately.
My body shook and I fell to the ground.
Not only was he doing this with other women but even the maids.
All the time he said he was watching a movie was to hide the fact that he brought a woman into the room.
"Ah, ma'am are you alright?" They both came to my side to pull me up as I nodded.
"Sorry I just missed my steps" I smiled lightly as the maids eyes shown in delight.
"It's alright, I have held you now. You'd be fine" Thane placed a loving hand on my waist while guiding me out of the room like that was how good he was.
"Can I come and sit with you in your study while you work? I promise not to distract you" I spoke as Thane nodded quickly.
"Yes you can as long as you remember not to disturb me, you keep asking like every-time is your first"
"Thank you, I really missed you today. It was so boring without you"
"I thought I told the maids to keep you entertained"
"Oh of course they did their work but I asked them to leave. I was too tired"
"It's alright, I'm here now" 
After the meal we went to his study where he busied himself with work for an hour before stepping out saying he wanted to get something after the same maid from earlier came to call for him.
"I'll be back" the husband I trusted rubbed my head while going to have sex with the maid.
Immediately I knew he was far away I rushed towards his table to search for anything I needed to know while using my hands to try to read the words.
While searching and seeing nothing a note suddenly fell. 
I picked it up to read but I couldn't really understand it.
hearing the sound of incoming footsteps I rushed back to where I was seated, holding my stick. 
"sorry honey" he walked in while adjusting his belt then came over to kiss me again which I avoided. "are you angry with me now, i just needed to sort it out quickly" 
"I'm not angry, I am just tired. I want to go to bed now"
"right now? but I just got back from the room, hold on okay just give me an hour more and I'll be done with my work " 
"no, I want to sleep right now" he suddenly raised his hand but I didn't dare flinch. I had to pretend I couldn't see it all.
"Fine, let me lead you to the room" he was about to hold me but I stood up quickly pointing my stick toward to move and I rushed towards the door. "you seem to be in a hurry, I didn't know you were so tired" 
I didn't reply but placed my head on the bed immediately we got into the room, to sleep.
The smell of their indecency stuck to my nose as I got up shaking my head.
"I do not like the smell of the bed please have a maid change the sheets" 

