---
layout: novel
titleO: "Loved by a Kingpin, Hunted by the World"
title: "Loved by a Kingpin, Hunted by the World"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 70
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-15 14:30:55"
rating: 4.4
rating_count: 42
---

I, Elvira Rossi, was the best thief in the industry.

I was publicly wanted by a mafia boss I'd never met for the crime of turning down his marriage proposal.

In retaliation, I stole his family heirloom. I then acquired the services of the priciest male escort in a club and proceeded to make sure I got my money's worth.

However, he stopped me as I was about to get up and leave the next day.

"You've had the chance to appraise both me and my family heirloom, so what do you think? Are you satisfied?"

…

Having successfully stolen my enemy's family heirloom, I naturally needed to celebrate.

I took off my stealth suit, changed into a white pencil skirt, and put on some cherry-red lipstick.

I then walked into the most expensive club in the city while humming a tune, promptly finding myself dizzy from the lighting.

There was a new face sitting at the other end of the bar, wearing a black shirt. He had dark hair, broad shoulders, and really long legs.

How strange. The club's female proprietor and I were as close as sisters, so why hadn't she told me that the club had been graced with such a fine specimen?

I might have been looking too closely, because he turned around, and I could see his Adam's apple bob.

My heart skipped a beat right then.

Shit.

He looked so much like that half-dead "stray" I'd picked up by the dock on a rainy night three years ago. The resemblance was uncanny.

I didn't know how long that man had spent bleeding out on the ground in the downpour, but his body had been frighteningly cold.

I'd gritted my teeth and taken him home, then tucked him into my blankets and shared my body warmth with him. Our bodies remained intertwined throughout the night, like actual lovers.

He ended up disappearing the next day, leaving me nothing but a few banknotes. It was as if I were some sort of whore.

Since the heavens had given me the chance to snag someone who looked just like him tonight, I simply had to return the favor.

I motioned toward the bartender and pointed at the dark-haired man's back.

"How much for that one in the black shirt? Name a price."

A strange expression crossed the bartender's face. He looked shocked but also seemingly awed.

Could the dark-haired man be some sort of pseudo-celebrity around here, so the bartender was afraid I couldn't afford him?

I rolled my eyes. "Hurry up, or you'd better believe I'm going to complain to your boss."

The bartender turned and left without daring to voice any further questions.

Soon afterward, the man turned around and walked toward me.

The lighting was too dim for me to properly make out his features, but I had the feeling he was really tall and intimidating.

He stopped before me, casting a shadow over me.

"Did you request me?" he asked in a very deep voice that had a unique huskiness to it.

"Yes. Specifically you."

I lifted my head and scrutinized him in the dim lighting.

He had a sharp jawline, and his smile was rather aloof.

Even if I couldn't completely make out his features, he seemed expensive.

I reached out and prodded his chest with a slightly unsteady finger. "Accompany me tonight."

He remained silent for a few seconds. His hidden gaze seemed to linger on my face for a long while.

Then, he nodded and replied, "It'd be my honor, ma'am."
