---
layout: novel
title: "My Husband Hurts Me for His Assistant Again: 96 Down, 3 to Go"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 263
cover_image: "/images/my-husband-hurts-me-for-his-assistant-again-96-down-3-to-go.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-05-23 21:28:06"
rating: 4.7
rating_count: 55
---

Every time my sugar daddy husband spent the night at his female assistant's place, he would gift me a building.

In the two years since our marriage, I had acquired 96 commercial properties scattered throughout the city.

It also meant that the man had hurt me 96 times.

When the 97th property deed was handed to me, his assistant immediately sent me a gloating video.

"So what if Nathan gives you money? I've got his heart and body. You may be a supermodel, but you can't even get your own husband to sleep with you, can you?"

I didn't argue with her. Instead, I graciously sent her a set of new Victoria's Secret lingerie from my latest runway show.

When my husband found out about my generous gift, he rewarded me by allowing me to accompany him to a high-society party.

During a party game, his assistant lost three times in a row and was dared to lick whipped cream off a playboy's thigh.

She smashed a bottle and held it to her neck, swearing, "Nathan, I'd rather die than let anyone humiliate me like this!"

My usually cold-hearted husband suddenly panicked and begged me to take the punishment in his assistant's place.

"It's just licking some cream. I promise I'll spend time with you properly after this."

Everyone was waiting to see me make a fool of myself, but I calmly agreed without making a fuss.

He didn't know that this was the 97th time he had hurt me.

And I no longer wanted to be his caged bird. I was just waiting to repay the life debt for saving me, and then we would have no more connection.
