---
layout: novel
titleO: "Professional Mommy"
title: "Professional Mommy"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 514
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-16 15:05:07"
rating: 4.4
rating_count: 81
---


Introduction:
The world is different then what you used to know, everything changed. The human DNA been altered over the years until we hit the no going back stage. It's not up to you to participate in the new law or refuse it, your body will change on it's own. 
If you're a dom you need a submissive , if you are a submissive than your brain will make you act as whichever category you are. No question asks, no refusing, no turning back. 
In the beginning some tried to refuse, the dominants would yell at furniture, pets, dogs, cats, anything. Their genetic, their brain everything in them needed to be dominant over someone or in their case something. 
The submissive were another story, some would break on any hint of dominance, little would cause accident since they are physically unable to take care of themselves. 
And so here we are in a new world, were kinks are dominant, were nothing is weird or out of normal. 
At the age of seventeen every member of society would have to do a classification test to find out what they are. Most would have guessed at a younger age what their tendencies are, other get shocked but everyone get paired. You can chose your partner in a full year span, why?
Because after you hit your eighteen mark your body would alter, doms go through a growth spur, little will get shorter, pets would grow tails and ears to be known as neko, submissive go through the least amount of physical changes but they have the hardest time mentally. 
It's not a rule for doms to be famous or powerful and subs not to. That's just ridiculous, some of the most famous CEO around the world are subs, they can take pressure like no other then they will release all the built up tension with their doms. 
The most known artist are always littles, who could be more creative then an adult with a childlike mentality. They have the best of both words to unleash their inner artist. 
It's not always the case, doms can also do the same. It's just what statistics shows to be the most cases scenarios. 
Some people are too stubborn, too taken by their own ego to know their own good. They'll skip the seventeen year old mental classification test, what would happen then you wonder. 
They can skip it if they chose to, if they are too busy but taking it at the age of eighteen would be mandatory, skip it and a nice police officer would be at your door with a court order to drive you there. 
Heath is an upcoming artist, although he's very young in age he became internet famous in just few months. 
Heath refused to do the classification test, it's been a crazy year for him. World tour, fans meet and greet, he's been doing great so far keeping it together. 
Him, his parent, manager, and even his fans were sure that he's a dominant, he had his shit together for a seventeen year old. 
His manager and him agreed on making his classification a big deal, to anouce it to the whole world on the end of his tour. 
He's going to be eighteen tonight, he'll do a big classification reveal, he's a dom he's sure of that tonight. 
A sub would be picked for him to be partnered with after the big party. Press are here, the fans are going crazy wanting to know what his classification would be and more importantly whom his sub would be? Someone known? Famous? Someone from a small town?
Heath been acting all weird tonight, he's being fussy, not liking anything, and giving everyone hard time. 
It was time to hit the stage finally, the stadiums are full and everyone is going crazy. 
First he singed his last hit, he kept building the excitement. 
Then it was time heath stood on the stage and got the official envelop, it had the government stamps on it. 
He opened the envelop with the cameras zooming in with him to show the whole world the truth. 
"Dear Heath, we are glad to inform you that your classification test shows that you are a...WHAT!! That can't be true" he screamed. 
Everyone was seing the results over the jumbo screens behind him, Heath the famous singer isn't a dom at all he's a LITTLE. 
His tantrum didn't end there, he stomped his feet, screamed and yelled about how stupid littles are and how he would never need a mommy or daddy to take care of him. 
The videos of his tantrum went crazy online, everyone is talking about Heath tantrum, he's losing fans. People are hurt and tons of little hate him now after he called them stupid, most doms won't even allow their sub to listen to him he's a brat and they don't need their subs to learn any of his bratiness. 
Twitter
User I<3Heath: I can't believe he called us stupid, I always loved him. 
*little*broken_hearted. 
User : My neko used to love him, she's not allowd to watch him anymore. 
*brat*Heath
User: Man can he throw a tantrum, someone need to give him a good bum warming.
*brat*spanking_needed. 
User: Don't blame him he need a good daddy or mommy to take care of him. Maybe both.
*get_heath_a_dom. 
User: If he was mine he would be getting a good spanking then a good hug. 
*don't_blame_the_littles. 
User: Get him a dom. 
*get_heath_a_dom. 

