---
layout: novel
title: "The three fiancés my dad prepared for me were all underworld bosses, but I married a vegetable."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 206
cover_image: "/images/the-three-fianc-s-my-dad-prepared-for-me-were-all-underworld-bosses-but-i-married-a-vegetable-.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-05-24 21:17:34"
rating: 4.3
rating_count: 94
---

I am the sole heir of the mafia boss, yet I am a woman.

In the mafia world, my father groomed three leaders to be my suitors.

The one who marries me will become the next Mafia boss. However, they never saw me as anything more than a strategic opportunity.

I thought they were indifferent to women until I witnessed Asher holding the nanny's daughter, promising, "I'll become the true mafia boss.

When I take over South City, the only person I want to marry is you."

Before my father left for his retirement ceremony, he asked me who I would choose. Thinking of the cold demeanor of the three, I replied calmly:

"As the sole heir of the South City mafia, I must consider the interests of our Quinn Family."

"I choose Wesley from North City."

Father was surprised: "Wesley? He’s been in a coma for years. Are you sure you want to commit your life to someone who’s barely alive?"

I straightened his clothes with determination: "I was born into privilege, so I have to think about the alliance between the Quinn Family and the Wesley Family."

Father's gaze hardened: "And the three godsons I raised for you, do you have no interest in them?"

I was taken aback, the three godsons.

Our Quinn Family is influential in South City. After my mother passed away, my father chose not to remarry.

He adopted three boys from an orphanage and raised them to become powerful figures.

He announced early on that the one who marries me would inherit the Quinn Family and rule South City.

Father loved me and used this method to assert my unique status. But because I'm a woman, he couldn't escape societal expectations.

I looked at my father intently: "They are unworthy.

The child of the Quinn Family should naturally unite with a family as prestigious as the Wesley Family.

I will have a child through artificial insemination, and that child will be the most remarkable figure between North and South City."

Father agreed: "You've been wise since you were young. In that case, there's no reason for those three to stay in the Quinn Family."

I inwardly smirked, feeling a chill in my heart.

If I had said they didn't love me, my father would have forced them into marriage with me. To him, the three godsons had no right to refuse.

But I didn't want that. A forced union is never sweet. I’d rather remain alone. Besides, their hearts are set on Nora.

As my father left, the three arrived to pick him up. He gave them a cold glance before getting into the car.

Asher pretended to bow, but after my father left, he looked at me with impatience: "What kind of princess tantrum are you throwing now?"

I frowned, unable to respond before Beckett mocked: "Quinn, do you think everyone should revolve around you?"

Caspian added angrily: "Don’t think that just because the Quinn Family is rich and powerful, we have to indulge you! And don’t think any of us will marry you, giving you the right to act so arrogantly!"

Ignoring the retirement ceremony, the three glared at me as if I had committed an unforgivable sin.

Arrogant? It's always been them who are arrogant.

Remembering how they used to disregard me, my body shook, eyes reddening, "Why don’t you want to marry me, but won’t stand up to my father?"
