---
layout: novel
titleO: "Ask Your New Husband to Pay"
title: "Ask Your New Husband to Pay"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 289
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-16 15:47:55"
rating: 4.2
rating_count: 117
---

My wife Sera had started a new company in Britain and was looking for my investment.

I went in undercover as a new hire to see it for myself.

On my first day, I spotted a young man sauntering past, a cigar dangling from his lips, a glass of whiskey in his hand, swirling the ice.

I stepped forward and confronted him. "Company policy strictly prohibits smoking and drinking in the office."

But the young man just threw the whiskey right in my face. 

"Who the hell are you to tell me what to do?"

I was about to retaliate, but the HR manager quickly stepped in to hold me back.

Mr. Henderson cringed, bowing slightly toward the young man.

"Mr. Shaw, my apologies! He's a new employee who just started today and doesn't know the rules!"

Then, Mr. Henderson tugged at my sleeve. "Apologize to Mr. Shaw right now! Mr. Shaw is our CEO, Ms. Vance's husband."

I just smiled and immediately sent Sera a message: "So you have a new husband. I assume he'll be funding your company then?"



Mr. Henderson's face was plastered with a sycophantic grin as he turned to Damian.

"Please don't mind the new guy. I just bought a bottle of Lafite yesterday; I'll have someone send it to your office."

Then, he shot me a warning glance and pulled me aside.

"You have a full day's work ahead. You're not leaving until it's done!"

With that, Mr. Henderson ushered me into his office.

Once the door was shut, he let out a sigh.

"We desperately need someone with your talent. But remember, whatever you do, do not cross Damian Shaw in this company. He's our Vice President and our CEO's husband."

I nodded, not ready to reveal the truth just yet.

But just as I sat down and started reviewing some financial statements, Damian's angry shouts echoed from outside.

"Sera Vance chased me for years, practically begged me to be her VP, and only then did I deign to marry her. And you, a worthless newbie, actually dared to disrespect me?"

With that, the office door was kicked open.

Damian, clearly drunk, propped his foot up on an office chair.

He pointed to his Italian handmade leather shoes and sneered, "Newbie, wipe the dust off my shoes. Do that, and I'll generously forgive you for this morning's stunt!"

Damian's foot dangled provocatively in front of me.

The sole just so happened to reveal a long, stamped serial number.

Weren't those the custom pair I'd had made for last month's Global Investment Forum? I'd only worn them once before misplacing them somewhere.

A smirk played on my lips. "How desperate are you, clinging to my sloppy seconds? You act like you've found gold."

"Custom shoes mold to the first wearer. They never fit another."

Damian's face flushed crimson like a fighting rooster's. He roared, "You broken loser, what the hell do you know? My wife, Sera Vance, bought these especially for me!"

I scoffed. "Still second-hand!"

Snickers from employees outside occasionally drifted in.

Damian jumped up, yelling at Mr. Henderson. "Company regulations state that new employees must first intern on the production line. He walks in and dives straight into an office? Are you playing favorites? Do you want me to tell Sera Vance right now and get you fired too?!"

After that, Damian stormed out of the office, shouting to the crowd outside.

"Who the hell wants to get fired? Laughing during work hours? If I catch you, you're GONE!"

Done yelling, he flipped me off. "Go haul boxes in the factory, pretty boy! I'll make you sweat blood till you beg for mercy!"

With a final slam, he shut the office door.

Mr. Henderson frowned, looking distressed. "Why'd you have to stir up trouble with that walking nightmare?"

"You'll have to go through the factory tour anyway. Just bear with him a little. Our company really needs talent like you. The benefits are good."

I actually wanted to see the factory. Vance Corp going bankrupt was inevitable.

If I could acquire this entire facility for my own company, it would save me a ton of hassle.

As soon as I stepped onto the factory floor, Damian had already arrived, yelling, "Come on out, everyone! New guy's here! Come teach this newbie how to behave!"

At this, many employees lowered their heads, nodding respectfully towards Damian.

Just as Damian was basking in his glory, he noticed one employee hadn't moved.

He immediately started scolding Leo Maxwell, the production manager.

"Didn't you see everyone else bowing to welcome their boss? Why isn't that employee moving from their station when they see me?"

Leo patiently explained, "That station is crucial, it needs to be manned 24/7, or the production line will shut down!"

Damian walked up and slapped Leo across the face. "I said, get him over here!"


