---
layout: novel
titleO: "Undercover Mission, Forbidden Love with a Mafia Boss"
title: "Undercover Mission, Forbidden Love with a Mafia Boss"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 314
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-16 15:47:55"
rating: 4.1
rating_count: 75
---

I'd been undercover for five years with crime boss Damien Thorne. 
My mission was finally supposed to end.
Then, my captain told me the plan was postponed.
"There's a bigger fish behind Damien. We have to wait."
I looked down in silence at the corpse on the floor.
Just moments ago, Damien had killed one of his own men in a fit of rage, all to protect me.
He walked over, his arm gently wrapping around my waist, coaxing me.
"Don't be scared. As long as I'm here, no one can hurt you. What restaurant do you want to go to tonight?"
That night, after Damien had dropped me off in my room, I sent a secure message to my captain:
"Captain Miller, we really can't wait any longer. If we do, I'll end up marrying a crime boss."

In a derelict building, I finally met my captain, David Miller.
He rubbed his temples. "Kira, I know your situation is dangerous right now. But you absolutely have to hold on a little longer."
I gave a bitter smile. He always said that.
My phone rang. I answered it.
I immediately switched to a sweet, saccharine voice.
"Hello? Damien, honey, what's up? I'm just getting my nails done. Okay, I'm coming right back, don't be mad, darling."
Captain Miller was probably startled by my feigned sweetness.
After all, I was known for being ruthless and cold-hearted back at the station.
I shot Captain Miller a glare.
"Captain, we agreed. This is the last time. Whether the mission succeeds or not, you have to let me go back."
When I returned to the mansion, I pushed open the front door to a floor covered in blood.
"Kira." Damien stood in a pool of blood, speaking unhurriedly. "They both said you were an undercover cop."
He even ran a blood-stained finger through my hair.
"I wouldn't want anyone falsely accusing you of being a cop. So, I took care of them for you."
A chill ran down my spine.
Damien, do you really love me, or is this all an act?
That night, after I got back to my room, I secretly called Captain Miller.
"I'm coming back. After this job, I'm out. Captain!"
"I know. Your flight's already booked. As long as we catch who Damien is dealing with this time, your mission will be complete."
Captain Miller assured me over the phone.
But this time, my patience had run out.
"You can't lie to me this time, Captain. Damien just killed two more people right in front of me today. I don't even know if he's sane anymore."
"Alright, I gotta go. Don't blow your cover."
All I got in reply was the dial tone.
I sighed, took out the SIM card, snapped it, and threw it into the bushes below.
No sooner had I finished than someone embraced me from behind.
"Did I scare you today, huh?"
The man carried the faint scent of tropical plants.
That scent always brought back memories of home.
Damien knew I liked that scent.
I wrapped my arms around his waist.
My ear pressed against his chest, I was disappointed to hear his heart beating strongly.
"I'm fine."
"It's just... how are you going to explain killing Jax to your men...?"
He gripped my chin, tilting my head up.
"If I didn't kill him, should I have killed you instead?"
Damien was a complete madman, I knew that.
He pressed me against the balcony railing, the night wind soft and lingering.
He kissed me, just as gently.
As if his hands had never held countless lives, as if he wasn't the most notorious crime boss to the police.
Until his dagger slid under my clothes, slowly moving up, then cutting open my shirt.
"No matter what anyone says about you, I believe you."


