---
layout: novel
titleO: "Luxury for Secretary, Cheap Trash for Me"
title: "Luxury for Secretary, Cheap Trash for Me"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 104
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-18 06:49:24"
rating: 4.6
rating_count: 96
---

My husband Derek bought his secretary Bella a diamond-studded lingerie set.

Bella immediately posted on Ins to show off:

"My boss gave me a reward. I'll work even harder!"

I commented: "Work harder in bed?"

Derek called me right away to accuse me.

"I just bought Bella some lingerie. Did you really have to make her cry? Why don't you reflect on why I'm giving gifts to Bella and not you?"

Before I could say a word, he hung up.

I untied my apron and threw it on the floor.

I'm done with the housework. And I'm done with this marriage.


The first thing Derek did when he got home was yell at me:

"You left the mop by the door. Are you trying to make me trip and die? I'm so sick of you!"

My stomach hurt so badly I couldn't stand up. I was bent over, but he didn't even notice. He just walked right past me and sat on the couch.

Derek tossed something in a red plastic bag onto the table.

"Here's some lingerie for you. You're just old and jealous of younger women."

I looked at the price tag. $9.99. I touched the fabric. It was rough and cheap.

I said:

"I don't want the lingerie. Give it to your secretary."

Derek froze.

"Claire, who are you giving attitude to? Don't be so ungrateful, okay? Don't you know your own body..."

He saw the look on my face and stopped talking.

Did he really not know why my body had changed?

Six months ago, I had a miscarriage after fighting with him about staying out all night. The hormone imbalance from the medication made me gain weight.

And he was willing to spend over a hundred thousand dollars on diamond-studded lingerie for Bella, but bought me cheap $9.99 garbage.

I looked at him with mixed emotions.

"Derek, take this junk and get out of my sight, okay?"

He practically roared:

"Claire! Don't push your luck. This is from Bella and me!"

I laughed softly. "I don't want this so-called gift."

Derek angrily threw the lingerie in the trash.

"Since you don't want it, I'll throw it away for you. Don't come begging me later!"

He stood up and pointed at me:

"And you need to apologize to Bella!"

"I won't."

My flat refusal made him angry again.

Derek said sternly:

"Tomorrow I'm bringing her home for dinner. You need to make a nice meal for her!"

My body still hadn't recovered from the miscarriage.

And he wanted me to cook for his mistress as an apology?

"Derek, I won't apologize!"

He said coldly:

"I don't care. You made Bella cry, so you have to apologize!"

Then he slammed the bedroom door behind him.


