---
layout: novel
titleO: "My Husband Wed Another"
title: "My Husband Wed Another"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 306
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-19 15:05:36"
rating: 4.6
rating_count: 22
---

I came back from my business trip and found my five-year-old daughter Lily home alone, eating expired bread.

My heart broke. I rushed over and pulled her into my arms.

"Where's your dad?"

Lily started crying.

"Daddy's downstairs getting married to Vanessa. He told me to stay home by myself... Mom, I'm so hungry..."

After I settled Lily down, I ran downstairs to the hotel banquet hall. And it was true!

Ryan stood there in a full tuxedo. When he saw me, panic flashed across his face. He quickly pulled me aside.

"Miranda, this isn't what it looks like. I'm just helping Vanessa put on a show. Her mom's been pushing her to get married. I had no choice..."

I laughed bitterly.

"Congratulations to you both."

Later, at my wedding to his brother Dylan, Ryan got on his knees and begged me to take him back.

And I made him listen to Dylan and me having sex all night long.


"Congratulations! I wish you both a lifetime of happiness!"

Everyone at the wedding thought I was just a late-arriving guest. They all smiled at me warmly.

Only the groom, Ryan, stared at me in disbelief. He thought I was joking.

When he saw my serious expression, he reluctantly let go of Vanessa's hand and pulled me into a corner. His brows furrowed.

"Miranda, what the hell are you doing?"

He had some nerve asking me that.

Last week, I went on a business trip overseas. I was worried about their safety at home, so I took a shortcut to get back early. I almost died in a foreign country.

And what did I come home to? My five-year-old daughter eating expired bread by herself while Ryan was busy having a wedding ceremony with his first love, Vanessa.

When I walked into the hotel, I saw them kissing sweetly and making sincere vows.

"Whether in poverty or wealth, in sickness or in health, through good times or bad, I promise to spend my life with Vanessa..."

He looked so devoted. I could see the focus in his eyes.

But when we got married, he asked the officiant to skip the vows entirely. Said it was too much trouble.

Turns out it wasn't the vows he had a problem with. It was the person he was making them to.

When he greeted Vanessa's parents, he called them "Mom and Dad" so naturally, so smoothly. Like it was the most normal thing in the world.

But in our six years of marriage, he'd never once called my parents that way.

If this thing with Vanessa was just an act, then what were all these years with me?

My heart turned to ash. I said flatly:

"I made myself perfectly clear. You two should be together. I'm bowing out."

Ryan frowned and scoffed.

"Miranda, can you stop being so damn dramatic? My patience has limits."

"I already explained everything. Vanessa and I are fake married. It's just to put her parents' minds at ease. And you're making this into some huge thing!"

I smiled coldly.

"Don't flatter yourself. I really am done. Don't worry, I'll file for divorce as soon as possible. I won't hold you back."

Ryan looked shocked, like he couldn't believe I'd actually say that.

"You..."

Before he could finish, I turned to leave the hotel. But Vanessa grabbed my arm.

Her eyes were red. She kept apologizing.

"I'm so sorry, Miranda. Please let me explain."

"My parents have been so worried about my marriage. I didn't want them stressed anymore, so Ryan and I staged this. We should have talked to you first. I'm really sorry."

Ryan pulled the apologizing Vanessa close. His voice was ice cold.

"Why are you apologizing to her? She's just petty and loves to throw tantrums. Let her be mad. Ignore her!"

I knew from the day I married Ryan that he still carried a torch for his first love, Vanessa.

I thought after we got married, I could win him over with my love.

But what did he do? He took everything I gave him for granted.

I was done with this one-sided relationship. If someone else wanted to keep it going, they were welcome to it.

Faced with his shameless behavior, I felt nothing anymore.

No anger. No excitement. I just wanted to cut ties with this man completely.


