---
layout: novel
titleO: "He Ruined the SAT for His Lover"
title: "He Ruined the SAT for His Lover"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 206
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-20 15:05:53"
rating: 4.7
rating_count: 85
---

On the day of the SAT exam, my fiancé Julian suddenly went ballistic. 
He pulled out a handgun and blew up every single computer in the testing center.
The reason? His sister, Willow, had been caught cheating during the SATs, and her score was invalidated.
Even the backup servers failed, canceling everyone's scores for that entire section.
Julian faced severe criminal charges because of it.
To save him, I arranged for everyone in our class to study abroad, covering all their tuition and living expenses.
Later, he and I successfully got into a world-renowned university.
But then, his sister Willow was caught cheating again during another exam.
Her cheating scandal went viral online, and consumed by the cyberbullying, she fell into depression and jumped from a building, taking her own life.
Julian locked himself away for days.
When he finally emerged, he looked at me and said he'd figured it out.
"This was her destiny."
But then, on the day we were supposed to fly overseas, Julian drugged me and pushed me out of our private plane.
"You were jealous of her since you were a child, always trying to put her down."
"Her depression? You drove her to it."
"If you hadn't falsely accused her of cheating, how would she have died?"
I opened my eyes again.
And I was back on the day of the SAT exam.
Julian wants to go crazy? Fine. Let him.
This time, no one's bailing him out.


