---
layout: novel
titleO: "Pregnant, While He’s in Fetish Room with Intern"
title: "Pregnant, While He’s in Fetish Room with Intern"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 192
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-20 15:05:53"
rating: 3.8
rating_count: 23
---

My husband, Mark Vance, and his intern, Tiffany Bloom, were in the middle of a three-day sex challenge.
I sent him the news: I was pregnant.
The next second, Mark called me on FaceTime.
On the screen, he and Tiffany were sitting on a sex swing in some kinky hotel room, handcuffs and whips dangling nearby.
"Go get rid of it," he said, his voice flat. "Tiffany would be so upset otherwise."
I calmly refused him. "No way."
Mark paused, then sneered. "Then divorce it is."
A wave of relief washed over me. "Good. I'll get the divorce papers ready immediately!"
My dream of becoming a single mom, on my own terms, was finally coming true.

"Ashley Hayes, be reasonable. Don't make this harder than it has to be." Mark snuffed out his cigarette.
I shook my head. "I'm not making anything harder. I love this baby. I'm having it!"
At my words, Tiffany, nestled in his arms, burst into louder sobs.
Half out of spite, half as a blatant challenge to me, she hooked her arms around Mark's neck and bit him hard.
Mark didn't spare me a single glance. He just pulled her in for a searing deep kiss.
Knowing when I wasn't wanted, I quietly ended the FaceTime call and called a cab to head home.
As soon as I got in the car, Mark's call came through again.
His neck was dotted with fresh bite marks.
"She got upset and bit me. Don't worry, they'll be gone before I come home."
Only then did I remember.
Mark and I had an agreement.
No matter how many women he was with, no matter how wild he got, he had to come home spotless. No traces.
He had cheated so many times, so often that I'd forgotten when I stopped loving him.
I immediately shook my head. "It doesn't matter. We're getting divorced anyway."
He stared at me, his lips pressed together, saying nothing.
Then, Tiffany started to throw another tantrum.
"You're never going to get rid of the baby! Are you?! I'm never going to be intimate with you again!"
Tiffany started punching Mark's chest.
Mark's expression tightened. He immediately wrapped his arms around her and delivered his final ultimatum to me.
"Ashley, I don't want this baby."
"You don't want it, but I do!" I quickly hung up.
When I got out of the cab, the driver hesitated, then spoke.
"Your husband is unbelievable! Aren't you going to confront that woman?"
I simply smiled. "I did! That's how I lost my first baby."
The driver fell silent, unable to find another word.
I'd never been loved by my parents. They showered all their affection on my cousin, barely giving me the time of day.
So, I always yearned for someone, a blood relative, to love me unconditionally.
I met Mark just a week before I was scheduled to visit a sperm bank.
He was handsome, intelligent.
Soon, I started wanting to have a child with him.
I even fell in love.
Later, I married Mark, just as I'd wanted.
When I first discovered his infidelity, I, like any wife, was devastated, heartbroken, and hysterical.
But he would always apologize, and then, behind my back, he'd continue his affairs.
I looked down, gently stroking the life growing inside me.
After the divorce, I would raise this child well.


