---
layout: novel
title: "Betrothed to a Billionaire, But He Tricked Me into Dying Abused by Beggars"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 141
cover_image: "/images/betrothed-to-a-billionaire-but-he-tricked-me-into-dying-abused-by-beggars.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-02 21:37:00"
rating: 4.4
rating_count: 19
---

My company needed someone to go abroad to assist a branch office, and my father, the chairman, wanted my younger sister and me to draw lots to decide.

Before Dad could hand me the slip, I exclaimed, "Dad, I’ll go abroad! Let Nora stay here!"

In my previous life, I was engaged to Jasper, the heir of Jasper Corporation.

After drawing lots to stay in the country, I married Jasper.

Unexpectedly, my sister went abroad, and within a year, she was assaulted by a homeless man one night on the street and later chose to end her life by slitting her wrists.

Before her death, she left a message for Jasper, claiming I manipulated the draw to avoid going abroad.

From then on, Jasper resented me, and I realized my husband had always loved my sister.

He deceived me into going to the street where the incident occurred under the pretense of a trip abroad, beat me, and forced me to kneel to atone to my sister.

"If you hadn’t interfered with the draw, how would Nora have been assaulted? Why wasn’t it you who died?"

He cursed me with fury, venting all his anger on me.

He even spent a lot of money bribing that homeless man to strip me and humiliate me publicly.

"You love manipulating so much? I’ll make you feel the pain Nora felt."

What he didn’t know was that I was already pregnant with his child.

I pleaded with him to let me go, but he watched as the homeless man humiliated me, ordered my limbs to be broken, and eventually, I died from massive bleeding.

Reborn, I decisively abandoned everything in the country, fulfilling the desires of Jasper and Nora, those two betrayers.

...
