---
layout: novel
title: "Married for 3 years without contact, wife pregnant, husband got the appraisal report dumbfounded"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 769
cover_image: "/images/married-for-3-years-without-contact-wife-pregnant-husband-got-the-appraisal-report-dumbfounded.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-02 21:40:34"
rating: 4.9
rating_count: 94
---

I have been married to Declan for three years, but he refuses to sleep in the same bed as me.

This is all because his female friend, Daphne, cannot have children.

"Daphne's health is poor. Do you really want her to watch us live happily as a family of three? That's too cruel!"

I kept compromising until Daphne's birthday, when Declan, after drinking, suggested we sleep together.

I was overjoyed, and for three whole days and nights, my body bore the marks of our passion.

Not long after, I discovered I was pregnant.

Excitedly, I took the report to show him, only to find them watching a short video, and the woman in the video was me!

"Declan, how could you be so callous?"

"Declan, you're unbelievably generous."

This was all part of a bet proposed by Daphne. Whoever's child I conceived first would have to buy her a diamond ring worth millions.

Their attitude made me furious. The next day, Declan received a letter.

1.

I’m pregnant. Looking at the ultrasound report, I was overwhelmed with joy.

This was our first child after three years of marriage.

Declan had never wanted to share a bed with me, let alone have a child. Now that we had this love's fruit, I thought he’d be happy too.

I quickly dialed his number, but it was busy. As I wondered why, the phone rang again. When I answered, I heard Declan's slightly breathless voice.

"What’s up?"

He sounded displeased, as if I had interrupted something important.

"I just left the hospital. I have good news to share."

"Whatever it is, tell me at home."

He was in a hurry, and I could hear a soft female voice in the background.

"Are you with Daphne?"

I frowned and asked.

A long silence followed, and then Declan finally responded.

"No, Theo and the others are here."

I let out a small "oh," feeling somewhat annoyed. Declan didn’t seem to care about my matters, not even asking why I went to the hospital.

"Alright, I’ve got to go. We have something to discuss."

Before I could say more, he hastily hung up.

Gripping the report, I skeptically took a cab to his company.

Before marrying me, Declan had a close-knit circle of friends for ten years, from high school till now.

Theo and Daphne were part of it. I remember Daphne well because Declan wouldn’t have kids with me because of her.

Daphne, due to her reckless youth and multiple abortions, was nearly infertile. The group vowed not to have kids to accommodate her.

I vaguely recall arguing with Declan about kids, and he always mentioned her.

"I don’t understand. Why does Daphne’s inability to have kids concern you?"

"Daphne’s health is poor. Do you really want her to watch us live happily as a family of three? That’s too cruel!"

Declan spoke firmly and decisively. No matter how much I pleased him after marriage, he remained indifferent, even sleeping in separate rooms from me.

As a woman, I understood Daphne’s feelings. She liked Declan.

Because of her poor background and unclean past, the Declan family would never allow her in, so she was jealous and even hated me.

I only learned this after marrying Declan. I loved him, so I chose to compromise for our marriage.

"Ma'am, we've arrived," the driver’s gentle voice brought me back to reality. I protected my belly and prepared to get out.

Before reaching Declan’s office, I heard laughter inside.

"Look at this part. It's too intense, like she's trying to please us."

"You don't get it. The best part is when she's on top. The way she moves is incredible."

I frowned, listening to their banter, and heard faint moans mixed in their laughter.

My ears burned with anger. In broad daylight, they were watching short videos in the office!

I was about to push the door open when a clear voice interrupted.

"Stop watching. It's just Genevieve. What's so interesting?"

I stopped. It was Daphne’s voice, familiar because she often called Declan late at night.

"You have to admit, Genevieve has a great figure! No wonder so many chased after her."

"So what? In the end, she still ended up with us. But Declan, you're generous to share your wife."

My expression froze, mouth agape in disbelief, like a plaster statue struck by lightning, even my eyelashes trembling in shock.

I stiffly turned my eyes, peeking through the blinds. The woman in the video they played was me!

2.

I stumbled back, hitting the wall, my fingers digging into the plaster unconsciously.

How could this be happening? How could I be in the video?

My head throbbed, the video like invisible hands draining my strength, making my legs weak.

"Declan, you're so indifferent, holding back for so long!"

"Declan, you're generous to share her with us."

"Gotta admit, Genevieve's something else."

Declan only bowed his head, smiling faintly at their praise. "As long as everyone's having fun."

Daphne giggled, her voice sharp and cutting. "She wanted to sleep with Declan, didn’t she? If she’s so desperate for men, she should be satisfied."

Daphne’s words hit like a bolt from the blue, making it clear to me. During those three days and nights, they switched people!

I remembered clearly; it was Declan’s first time not holding back. For the sake of the child, to please him, I did everything I could to satisfy him.

Midway, he blindfolded me with a red silk ribbon. I thought he was seeking thrills, not realizing it was then they switched!

I gasped, clutching my collar to release some of the suffocating pressure.

"Don’t forget our bet."

Daphne’s tinkling laughter came again, her boneless wrist resting on Declan’s shoulder.

"Whoever’s child is in her belly must buy me that diamond ring worth millions."

She cooed, while the men waved their hands, saying millions were nothing, they’d buy it for their group favorite, even if it cost billions.

Their raucous laughter was deafening. I leaned against the wall, my stomach suddenly convulsing, retching on the floor. Saliva mixed with bile dripped onto the tiles. My fingers twitched uncontrollably, unable to hold the report.

The door suddenly opened, and Daphne exclaimed.

"Genevieve! What are you doing here!"

3.

Declan was the first to run out, seeing me in distress, retching on the floor, without a word of concern.

"When did you get here?"

I glared at him with hatred, my eyes red. Just seeing them made me feel sick, and without a word, I stood and ran out.

I didn’t know how I got home, my face streaked with dried tears. Once home, I continued retching over the toilet.

I knelt, crying my heart out, recalling Declan’s promises on our wedding day. Now they seemed like a joke.

He could ignore me for Daphne, and to please her, let his friends humiliate me like this! Treating me like an object to be given away.

Exhausted from crying, I dragged my weak body to the bedroom.

I knew only my parents could help me now. They initially opposed my marriage to Declan, thinking his family only wanted our power. I ignored their objections and insisted on marrying this devil.

After the wedding, though they complained, they still helped Declan’s family. Without me, Declan wouldn’t be as successful as he is now.

I clenched my fists, hatred searing through my veins, burning my insides. I gritted my teeth and called my parents.

"How dare he treat you like this! That bastard!"

My mom was furious but immediately comforted me. "Don’t worry, Genevieve. Mom and Dad will make him pay, we’ll get justice for you!"

Tears streamed from my eyes, regretting my poor judgment.

After calming me, my parents sent a divorce agreement to my email. The terms would make Declan’s life miserable, but it still didn’t satisfy me. It wasn’t enough; none of them could get away with this.

Suddenly, I heard a noise at the entrance. I quickly closed the email.

"Genevieve."

Declan called coldly, throwing the pregnancy report on the floor.

"Why did you come back alone after finding out you’re pregnant? Don’t you know how dangerous that is? What if something happened to the child…"

"Are you worried about the child, or worried your bet might not go through?"

I cut off his self-righteous lecture, smirking as I looked up at him.

"So you heard. Well, let’s be clear. If the child is mine, I’ll take responsibility. If not, don’t blame me for being ruthless. After all, you willingly threw yourself at us."

His tone was impatient, his face showing disgust, as if he found me dirty.

"Declan, you’ll regret this."

I said through clenched teeth, my knuckles white.

"I don’t have time to argue with you. Now that you know, let’s go to the hospital for a paternity test."

With that, he ignored my weakened state, dragging me toward the hospital.

"Are you crazy!"

"I see you've heard everything, so let's get straight to the point. If the child you're carrying is mine, I'll naturally take responsibility. But if it's not, you have only yourself to blame for what's to come."

His tone was impatient, his face twisted with disgust, as if I was something dirty.

"Declan, you'll regret this."

I said through gritted teeth, my knuckles whitening as I clenched my fists.

"I don't have time for arguments. Since you know the situation, let's go to the hospital for a paternity test now."

Ignoring my weakened state, he dragged me towards the hospital.

"Are you insane?"

I struggled desperately to break free, but the difference in strength was too great. I was forcibly dragged to the hospital by him.

"Doctor, we're here for a paternity test."

The doctor looked at Declan with concern, kindly advising, "I see your wife is newly pregnant. A paternity test this early could harm the fetus. Even if you're anxious, you should wait at least six months."

Declan ignored the doctor's advice, insisting firmly, "I want it done now. If your hospital can't do it, then it might as well close down."

Declan's family was an emerging power, aided by our family, and many feared him.

The doctor, trembling, couldn't oppose Declan and instructed the on-duty nurse to take me to the relevant department.

"Hold on."

Declan suddenly interrupted.

"Test these two brothers as well. The child in her belly could belong to any of us."

The doctor was stunned, unsure how to respond. Declan spoke about it so casually, as if discussing something mundane.

"Damn, this woman gets around."

"Slut, shameless!"

"How much do you think she charges? Is five hundred enough?"

"Forget it, she might even pay you instead!"

The middle-aged men in the hospital leered at me, their lewd stares making me nauseous. I leaned against the wall, retching.

"Stop pretending."

Daphne walked over, arms crossed, arrogantly pulling my hair.

"You bitch, hurry up and get the paternity test done. Don't make Declan wait."

Daphne laughed triumphantly, seeing me humiliated was her favorite thing.

"You're so filthy. Let's see if Declan's family will accept you as a daughter-in-law. By then, the position of Declan's wife will be mine."

She whispered disdainfully in my ear.

I smirked, straightening up.

"Daphne, you're pathetic. Even if Declan and I divorce, you'll never get your chance. After all, Declan's family won't accept a woman who can't have children."

"Genevieve!"

Daphne's eyes turned vicious, enraged by my words. She yanked my hair back hard and punched me in the stomach.

"You can give birth, so what? You've been with so many men, and this child is a bastard. Declan won't let a bastard into his family!"

I no longer felt pain, just laughed madly like a lunatic.

"Daphne, you're just jealous of me. Even if you plot against me, I still have a chance to bear Declan's child, but you can only be a hidden mistress your whole life!"

Daphne stomped in frustration, her eyes like blades trying to pierce me.

"You're just a lapdog! Just wait, I'll show you how much Declan loves me!"

With that, I slapped myself and pretended to fall to the ground.

"Daphne!"

Three people rushed over to anxiously care for Daphne.

I watched and found it laughable—three fools being played by a scheming woman.

"Genevieve, you wicked woman! How can you treat Daphne like this? You're the dirty one, what's wrong with Daphne saying something?"

Declan glared at me, his brow furrowed.

"I say this, thanks to who? Declan, if it weren't for you..."

"Ow!" Daphne interrupted my questioning, crying with a tear-stained face.

"My arm hurts, Declan, look, I don't think I can lift it."

Daphne wailed, trying to save face.

"Just you wait!"

Declan shot me a fierce look, angrily saying, "If anything happens to Daphne, I won't hesitate to show everyone your video!"

With that, he rushed over to pick up Daphne. She lay in his arms, winking at me smugly.

I laughed bitterly, getting up from the ground. Around me were still unbearable comments and taunts, with men whistling, their eyes like they wanted to skin me alive.

Declan, since you're so obsessed with the test results, I'll give you what you want.

It would take a day to get the paternity results. Declan didn't come home that night. I knew he was with Daphne.

The next morning, I received a text from an unfamiliar number. It was a few photos.

"Genevieve, see this? I'm Declan's true love. He's so gentle with me in bed, something you'll never experience, you slut!"

Attached were photos of them in bed. Her bragging held no power over me; I'd already given up on Declan.

I saved the photos and contacted the lawyer my parents sent me.

"Are the results out?"

"They are."

I smiled faintly, hatred boiling in my eyes.

"Send it all over."

Declan, to make up for Daphne's harm because of me, took her to buy the diamond ring used as a bet.

Just as they arrived at the venue, the secretary hurried over.

"Madam asked me to give you this."

Declan took it, puzzled, while Daphne laughed first, "Is it a divorce agreement because she knows the child isn't yours?"

The four of them laughed, ready to see the results.

But when they opened the envelope, they froze.

"This is a court summons!"

The four of them looked shocked, as the designer approached.

"Excuse me, sir, the diamond ring you wanted has been bought by a lady."

"What! Didn't we choose it first?"

Daphne was displeased, shouting.

The designer smiled politely, nodding slightly, "That lady offered a higher price, so naturally, we chose the better buyer."

"Additionally, that lady asked me to tell you, Mr. Declan, don't forget your identity. Without Genevieve, there would be no Declan's family in Jacksonville."

With a crash, Declan angrily smashed what he was holding to the ground.

"That bitch Genevieve dares to provoke us! We can't just sit back and do nothing!"

Theo clenched his fists in anger.

"We should upload those videos online and see how arrogant she is then!"

Another man in their group, Luke, suggested bitterly.

"Shut up!" Declan clenched his fists in frustration, the sound of his knuckles cracking.

"You fools, don't you get it? She wants to ruin us! If we dare upload those videos now, we'll be facing jail time!"

"What do we do? We can't just let that bitch provoke us!"

Daphne pouted, shaking Declan's arm, "Yeah, Declan, that ring was clearly mine first. You have to stand up for me. She put a green hat on you and is still so arrogant.

We can sue her for adultery, anyway, we have video evidence."

Daphne had many bad ideas, and those two liked to support her, whispering bad advice to Declan.

"Genevieve!"

I was sitting at home, admiring the diamond ring in the box, when I heard an angry shout from downstairs.

I adjusted my clothes and looked down from the second floor.

"What's up? Did you get the result you wanted from the document I sent?"

I smiled at them, a hint of threat in my eyes.

"Genevieve, don't push your luck! Being with us was a blessing for you. How dare you sue us!"

"Yeah! You begged us to be with you. Don't forget we have evidence. Do you want the Aiden family's reputation to be ruined?"

"Sister, didn't you always want to be with Declan? Now that we've fulfilled your wish, you're still not happy? Also, taking someone else's beloved thing is wrong.

I advise you to give the ring back before Declan gets mad!"

They warned me one after another, only Declan remained silent, his eyes dark and unclear as he looked at me.

I raised an eyebrow and smiled, walking down the stairs with my lawyer.

"You humiliated me when I wasn't conscious and now want to threaten me? You have some nerve."

I sat on the sofa, resting my chin on my hand, my tone leisurely, my smile wide, my eyes full of unhidden defiance, even my fingers twitched with provocation.

"Also, uploading such a video online is illegal, right? Declan might not be afraid because he has Declan's family, but what about you?"

I pretended to think, frowning, "You small-time families dare to challenge me, really don't know your place!"

To make them pay, the first step was to break their clique.

Interests are the best way to break them. I don't believe the other two will sit still.

"You know nothing! We brothers are close, Declan will find a way to protect us, but your reputation isn't guaranteed! Soon everyone will know you're a whore!"

"Also, isn't it illegal to upload such videos online? Declan might not be afraid because he has his family to back him, but what about you?"

I pretended to ponder, frowning. "Do you really think you can challenge me? You have no idea what you're up against!"
