---
layout: novel
titleO: "My Innocent Fiancé’s Wild Side"
title: "My Innocent Fiancé’s Wild Side"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 262
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-24 15:12:24"
rating: 4
rating_count: 101
---

On the way to the bridal shop, my best friend Chloe sent me a video.

There was my fiancé, Liam Miller, in a nightclub, his eyes locked on several strippers and clearly enthralled. One even trailed her hand suggestively between his legs.

Tonight was supposed to be our appointment to choose my wedding dress.

No wonder he had claimed a late night at the office.

"Which club?" I texted Chloe.

Then I drove straight there.

To everyone else, Liam was the quiet, dependable type, a reserved programmer. In our relationship, I was usually the one to take the lead, even in bed.

Now I was going to see exactly what kind of wild side this honest man had been hiding.


By the time I reached the nightclub, the music was deafening.

Chloe stammered when she saw me. "Honestly, Audrey, guys look...it happens! But Liam? I never would've guessed. The man used to blush just talking to a woman."

A wave of nausea rolled through me. "Then there's no wedding," I said flatly.

It wasn't an overreaction. Liam, to me, had never been "other men."

We were high school sweethearts.

Back then, he was unassuming-most girls even found him nerdy and unattractive.

But to me, he was brilliant, kind, and loyal.

After graduation, that once-awkward nerd quickly climbed the ranks to become an executive at a top tech firm.

My friends all envied me, saying I had excellent taste. "A guy like your fiancé, rich and faithful? That's practically a unicorn these days. You're so lucky!"

I couldn't stomach the thought that the man I'd loved for so many years was just like every other jerk out there.

Chloe, not wanting to get involved in my personal drama, made an excuse and left.

I found a quiet corner and silently watched Liam.

Not long after, a song ended.

A beautiful girl in sequined thong walked directly off the stage and sat right on Liam's lap.

She wrapped her arms around Liam's neck, tilted her head, and whispered something to him.

Then, I watched Liam smile, a wide, joyful grin, as he looked at her.

My hands shaking, I recorded the whole thing.

Perhaps he sensed something.

Liam suddenly glanced in my direction.

The next second, his expression changed, and he started walking toward me.

"Audrey, what are you doing here?!"

I sneered. "Am I interrupting something?"

He lowered his head.

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have lied to you. I promise you, Skylar and I haven't done anything inappropriate or crossed any lines."


