---
layout: novel
titleO: "My Ghost Husband's Ultimate Betrayal "
title: "My Ghost Husband's Ultimate Betrayal "
author: ""
featured: true
views: 526
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-27 15:05:55"
rating: 4.2
rating_count: 31
---

After my husband died, I could actually see his soul hovering above.

While clearing out his things, I heard him whisper, "Thank God she didn't find the deed to the apartment I bought for Chloe."

I didn't say a word. I just called my lawyer and reclaimed the apartment he'd given his mistress.

The day the apartment was recovered, his soul frantically paced around the living room. But the very next second, I heard him sigh in relief.

"At least I placed Chloe and my child with her. She'll take good care of our kid."

I remained silent, but that same day, I contacted the foster care agency and sent the adopted child away.

Looking back at all the guilt I felt when my husband Ryan died, it seems laughable now.


The day Ryan was in a car accident, I rushed to the ER, only to be grabbed by his aunt Carol.

Her eyes were bloodshot, and she shrieked, "Maya! You materialistic gold-digger! Ryan was in an accident on his way to get your anniversary gift!"

My mother-in-law lunged at me, twisting my arm. "Ryan was such a good, honest man!" she screamed. "Ever since he married you, he worked himself to the bone. And you, you greedy bitch, had to demand some fancy gift. He's dead because of you!" 

The relatives from Ryan's side instantly swarmed around, their voices overlapping, pushing all the blame onto me.

I opened my mouth, wanting to explain that I had only mentioned our anniversary was coming up, I never demanded Ryan buy anything.

But now, the words were stuck in my throat, not a single one escaping.

My son Leo reacted in a way that choked me up the most. He tugged at my sleeve, shaking me hard. "Mommy is bad! It's all because you wanted a gift that Daddy died! I don't have a daddy anymore!"

A child's words are the most direct, and the most hurtful.

Guilt, like a rampant vine, grew wildly, strangling me until I couldn't breathe.

It was true. If I hadn't mentioned our anniversary, Ryan wouldn't have gone out at that time, and he wouldn't have been in a car accident.

Tears streamed down my face uncontrollably, blurring my vision. Just then, in a daze, I glimpsed Ryan's soul hovering above the ER.

I thought it was a hallucination brought on by overwhelming grief. But it wasn't until his voice rang out that I realized it was all real.

"Good thing Maya doesn't know I was on my way to buy Chloe a cake when I crashed."

"Chloe is so timid. If she knew I died because of her, how much she'd blame herself..."

His voice was light and airy, yet it struck me like a bolt of lightning, freezing my blood instantly.

I abruptly stopped crying, my gaze fixed intently on Ryan's soul.

Of course, I knew the Chloe he was talking about.

She was Ryan's junior from college, and she joined their company two years ago after graduating.

Ryan often brought her up in front of me, saying she was innocent and sensible, and despite her poor background, she was incredibly hardworking. He claimed it was only natural for him to look after her a bit more out of "alumni camaraderie" and told me not to overthink it.

He had kept his word, never doing anything inappropriate with Chloe. But I never imagined he would be so deeply invested in another woman behind my back.

"If Chloe hadn't said she wanted the mango mousse from that bakery across town, I wouldn't have rushed, taking a shortcut and running that red light..."

Ryan's soul floated aimlessly in the air, his voice full of regret, yet he didn't mention me once.

"Good thing Mom and Dad covered for me, saying I was getting Maya an anniversary gift. Otherwise, with her temper, she'd definitely go after Chloe and make the poor girl suffer."

"I left in such a hurry, didn't leave Chloe anything. Good thing I bought her an apartment when she first started working. At least she won't be homeless in this big city after I'm gone."

Hearing Ryan's words, I let out a soft laugh. I wanted to see how he planned to protect his "poor girl" even in death.


