---
layout: novel
title: "After Getting Pregnant, My Boyfriend Said: 'I'm Your Brother"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 801
cover_image: "/images/after-getting-pregnant-my-boyfriend-said-i-m-your-brother.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-05 07:51:10"
rating: 4.9
rating_count: 72
---

Jasper said he would marry me once I got pregnant.

When I got the pregnancy test results, I eagerly told him.

Jasper smiled, but there was a chill in his smile that made me uneasy.

He took me to a ward at City Central Hospital.

On the hospital bed, my father, who had suffered a stroke, suddenly brightened up when he saw Jasper: "Son... you finally came to see me."

I was shocked. Son?

The man I had loved for five years was actually my long-lost... brother?

Quentin bent down and whispered in my father's ear, "Dad, I'm getting married. My girlfriend is pregnant."

My father trembled with excitement: "Great! Which family's daughter is she? Dad will give you..."

When his gaze fell on my pale face, he suddenly screamed in agony, "Monster! She's your biological sister!"

Quentin laughed, a smile I once loved for its warmth now turned venomous: "I know. She's the child you left behind from your affair years ago."

It turned out the baby I was carrying wasn't a symbol of love, but a seed of revenge he'd planted five years ago.

But in truth, I wasn't part of Declan's Family by blood.

My phone buzzed; it was a message from Mom:

"Lydia, Declan is useless now. I've already arranged a house abroad. Come with me."

Watching Jasper and my father confront each other with cold indifference, I replied with disappointment:

"Okay."


