---
layout: novel
title: "At the Birthday Party, I Delivered the Divorce Papers to My Husband"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 740
cover_image: "/images/at-the-birthday-party-i-delivered-the-divorce-papers-to-my-husband.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-05 07:51:20"
rating: 4.5
rating_count: 49
---

Wedding anniversary, my husband gave me a necklace he designed himself, saying it represents a unique love. But on the chain, there was an obvious curly hair. He pretended to be angry: "The store clerk who packed it was too careless and left their hair." However, he didn't know that I had already seen this necklace in his assistant's Facebook two days earlier.

[Worn it for two days, already bored. But since he put thought into it, I'll post a photo to praise him.] She thoughtfully set it to be visible only to me.

I pushed away his hand trying to put it on me and casually tossed the necklace into the trash. Nolan's face changed dramatically.

"You don't cherish the gifts I give you at all. I guess I don't need to give you any in the future."

That's fine. I'll buy my own gifts from now on. But a man who betrays me, I will never want again.

0
After confirming tomorrow's abortion procedure with the nurse over the phone, I turned and walked into the restaurant. "The hospital just notified me to go for a check-up," I explained casually to Nolan, "What were we just talking about?"

He stared at me coldly. "Adeline, are you sure you want to ruin our five-year wedding anniversary over a hair?"

The necklace he picked back up had a diamond-encrusted butterfly reflecting the restaurant lights, just the right angle to sting my eyes. "Nolan, don't you remember I hate butterflies?"

His anger was replaced by confusion, followed by awkward embarrassment. Everyone who knows me knows I hate butterflies. Years ago, my dad, who was my only family, fell off a cliff and died instantly trying to take a picture of a rare butterfly for me. Since then, I couldn't stand anything related to butterflies.

Nolan used to be more mindful of this than anyone. Even when we went shopping, he would scout ahead to avoid sections selling butterfly-themed items. I can't believe he forgot about this.

He awkwardly touched his nose: "I just thought the design suited you and forgot about your taboo for a moment."

"Adeline, holding onto the past, you're being too sensitive." I laughed at myself, indeed being too sensitive. I almost forgot this necklace wasn't originally meant for me. It was only after Fiona got bored with it that I had the chance to receive this secondhand item. What right do I have to be picky?

I replied off-topic: "You're right, it's time to let go." Seeing my sarcastic expression, a strange look flashed across his face, but before he could think more, his phone alerted him to a new message. Judging by his nervousness, it was undoubtedly from Fiona. He replied instantly: "Got it, I'm on my way."

I looked up at his anxious face and spoke calmly before he could: "Is it urgent work requiring overtime? You should go."

He immediately put on his coat, kissed my forehead before leaving. "Sorry, the company's situation is urgent. I'll make it up to you with a more romantic celebration on your birthday."

"Thank you, honey, you're so understanding. I love you."

I silently watched his hurried departing figure. The man who accused me of ruining our anniversary couldn't even wait for the dishes to arrive before leaving.

He was in such a rush he left his phone on the table. I lit up the screen to see Fiona's message: "Wine and steak are on the table, I'm in bed, waiting for you."

It's obvious Fiona did it on purpose. As Nolan's assistant, she must know tonight is our anniversary. Such blatant provocation would have previously made me cry, afraid of losing Nolan. But now, I'm indifferent. Whoever wants such trash of a man can have him.

I had the waiter dispose of all the dishes, and as I left, I gave the necklace to a beggar woman on the street. She smiled gratefully.

Back home, I called Wesley: "Senior, about the screenwriting position you mentioned last time, I've decided to join."

"That's great, Adeline! Professor used to say you were the most talented filmmaker, but it was a shame Nolan 'privatized' you. When you decided to be a housewife, Professor even cried."

"Please tell Professor, Adeline took a detour, but she's coming back."

0
