---
layout: novel
title: "After Driving Me to My Death, They Regretted It"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 755
cover_image: "/images/after-driving-me-to-my-death-they-regretted-it.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-05 23:15:40"
rating: 4.0
rating_count: 15
---

My wife was a fool. For three years, I took complete care of her and gave her everything.
Then one day, she regained her sanity and became the CEO of a listed company. She spent tens of millions of dollars holding a grand proposal for me.
After getting married, I became the envy of everyone. Whenever she could, she expressed her love for me.
Her true love's return caused a change in everything. She kicked me out to make room for him. With nowhere to go, I took a bottle of sleeping pills.
I had spent 25 years trying to win over four heroines, only to lose everything in the end.
The system said that if I died in this world, I could return to my original world. While my life was passing by, I heard someone begging me to live.
"Ryan Scott, I know you're awake. Why did you choose to commit suicide on such a joyous day when Dylan is returning? Are you trying to frame him by your death?" Hearing the cold voice, I opened my eyes to see my wife, Luna Wright. Her icy glare was full of hatred.
Luna, one of my targets, was my wife who had loved me. When we met at the very beginning, she pretended to be mentally disabled to avoid being involved in a family feud and insisted on marrying me.
For three years, I took complete care of her and gave her everything. Upon the death of all the family heirs, she regained her sanity and became the sole beneficiary.
Only then did I know that she had been pretending all along and that I was the real fool.
I tried to leave, but Luna knelt and begged me, spending millions to propose to me in a high-profile way. "Ryan, don't leave me, please. I can't live without you. I deceived you, but I truly love you."
In the midst of swirling flower petals, I looked at the girl I had seen every day and accepted her proposal.
However, when her true love, Dylan Hughes, returned, Luna fell out of love. She used work as an excuse to stay away from home for long periods. She even questioned me, "Ryan, why can't you understand me? Without my hard work, we won't have a good life."
I believed in Luna. But not long after, I discovered her intimate moments with Dylan in her office, along with used condoms on the floor. 
I confronted her, but she kicked me out without a penny.
Dylan even staged a false suicide by jumping into the sea and posted a lengthy accusation on Twitter, claiming I had abused him and driven him to death.
I faced a torrent of online abuse. Luna then kicked me out of our home. Even my sister, Bella Scott, cut ties with me, calling me a vile person.
No matter how much I tried to explain, no one believed me.
I didn't know why Luna saved me, but seeing the intense hatred in her eyes, I struggled to speak, "Kill...me."
The next moment, Luna let go, slapped me hard, and shouted, "If you want to die, do it somewhere else. You're so disgusting!"
Her slap left me dazed. When I came to my senses, her bodyguards had already thrown me onto the road outside the villa.
Luna crossed her arms, looking at me with contempt as if I were a pitiful creature. "If it weren't for you bullying and tormenting Dylan, he wouldn't have been driven to jump into the sea. Go away if you want to die. You really make me sick."
I forced a bitter smile. They slandered me, yet somehow I was the one at fault. With power and influence, they could smear me at will.
Luna probably forgot that without me, she would never have achieved what she had today. Since that was the case, I wouldn't bother her anymore.
Stumbling away, I reached a bustling street. Watching the flow of cars, I jumped. I thought, "As long as this body dies, I can go back to my original world."
Suddenly, the screeching sound of tires and honking horns filled the air. Someone grabbed my hair and dragged me to the roadside. "Ryan, what are you doing?"
I looked at the furious Luna and asked calmly, "I'm already leaving you alone."
Though her words were harsh, I saw her trembling all over. When she was pretending to be a fool, she would tremble with fear and hide behind me.
Looking at Luna, I thought, "What is she afraid of? Afraid I would die? But I'm making things easier for her and Dylan."
Luna slapped me. "This is the road Dylan takes to come home. How can I let him see such a bloody scene?"
I lowered my gaze, laughing bitterly. I went to the riverside. Here, I wouldn't disgust her beloved man.

