---
layout: novel
title: "After a change of heart, I cut off lust and forgot the past, but he asked me to love again"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 766
cover_image: "/images/after-a-change-of-heart-i-cut-off-lust-and-forgot-the-past-but-he-asked-me-to-love-again.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-06 23:12:20"
rating: 4.1
rating_count: 77
---


My husband's mistress set a trap for me, and we both tumbled into the water.

Derek didn't twist the story or blame me. Instead, his fury exploded, and he aggressively pulled off Chloe's designer jacket, practically forcing her to grovel at my feet.

"So, you wanted to cool off because it was too hot, huh? Fine. I'll make sure you get *really* cool."

But I didn't feel a shred of gratitude. My heart was aching so much I curled into myself.

Derek had long forgotten how he'd sacrificed half of his own heart to save me, years ago. Because of that, his every joy and sorrow vibrated through me.

And right now, he was suffering deeply over Chloe's pitiful state.

"It's fine, I'm just going to take a shower."

I quietly slipped away, leaving them space. I hadn't gone far when I heard Derek's tender, soothing voice.

"Don't be mad, babe. I knew you could swim, that's why I didn't pull you out. How else could I get Stella off my back and have you all to myself?"

"Come here, baby, let me kiss you. Seeing you all wet like that just now, my pants were practically bursting."

I waited for the dull ache in my chest to subside, slowly morphing into a cold excitement. Then, I went up the mountain to find Sage Elias.

"Master, is my Ethereal Heart ready?"

"Have you thought this through? Once you replace your heart with the Ethereal Heart, you'll be severed from the mortal world, with no turning back."

"Yes. After all, mortals and immortals are destined to walk different paths."

"Then you must retrieve a strand of hair from his beloved, a tear from their eye, and a drop of blood from their heart. Only then can you return his heart and create space for your own."

I nodded, swearing under my breath:

Derek, I don't want your heart anymore.


