---
layout: novel
title: "My fiancé said in anger that he would not go to the wedding banquet in order to make me admit my mistake. He collapsed after seeing my groom at the wedding."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 75
cover_image: "/images/my-fianc-said-in-anger-that-he-would-not-go-to-the-wedding-banquet-in-order-to-make-me-admit-my-mistake-he-collapsed-after-seeing-my-groom-at-the-wedding-.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-08 23:05:41"
rating: 4.6
rating_count: 64
---


It was almost eleven PM when Jaxson Hayes announced he wanted homemade soup.

Despite a raging fever, I dragged my exhausted body, carrying the hearty corn and rib soup that had simmered for three hours, to the entrance of the bar.

The moment I stepped inside, a bucket of water splashed all over me, chilling me to the bone.

"Hahaha, I told you Simp Aubrey would show up! What's a fever? She even came rushing over like a loyal puppy when she was in the hospital with a broken leg, just because Jaxson called."

"Simp Aubrey, heard you're running a fever. We're just helping you cool down, so you really ought to thank us."

Jaxson took the thermos from my hands, then, right in front of me, poured the soup into the trash bin.

"Aubrey Miller, what you make is so bad even a dog wouldn't touch it. You seriously expected *me* to eat it?"

Listening to their collective mockery, it finally hit me: this was just another one of his cruel little charades, all to amuse his delicate childhood sweetheart.

Seeing my silence, Jaxson tossed our engagement ring into the cheering crowd:

"Aubrey Miller, I won't be showing up to our wedding in three days. Either find some random guy to marry, or get ready for the ultimate public humiliation with your power-hungry dad."

But later, when I truly walked down the aisle, arm-in-arm with my new groom,

Jaxson Hayes was on his knees, sobbing, begging me to come back.

0
