---
layout: novel
title: "The Child Wasn’t Mine After the Mother Helped the Bastard Steal My Pregnant Wife"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 423
cover_image: "/images/the-child-wasn-t-mine-after-the-mother-helped-the-bastard-steal-my-pregnant-wife.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-09 22:38:59"
rating: 4.7
rating_count: 52
---

I hated my mother most that year. To earn my forgiveness, she personally sent her best friend to my bed.

After one night, I was hooked.

Three months later, my wife got pregnant, and I forgave my mother.

Four months after that, I used my business acumen to multiply their assets tenfold. From then on, I became Veridia City's most talked-about financial wizard.

Every time I made an investment, my mother, the city's richest person, and my wife, the second richest, would personally oversee it, ensuring my success. Everyone envied me, saying I had it all.

But on the day of the high-stakes deal, I leveraged 100x, and both my mother and wife were absent. My wife placed a kiss on my lips, "We'll celebrate properly tonight..."

I smiled, watching them leave.

During the meeting, my opponent, seeing my mother and wife weren't there, made malicious bids. I called their cell phones, but no one picked up. Five years of planning, all for nothing.

Just as I worried something had happened to them, an anonymous video popped up on my phone—

My mother was wearing a wedding dress, standing beside Arthur, the man who had driven my father to his death years ago. Their illegitimate son wore a groom's suit, carefully embracing my four-month pregnant, delicate wife.

"Double the celebrations!" someone in the video cheered, raising a glass. "Congratulations to Mrs. Sterling for welcoming her true love, and congratulations to Ms. Blackwell for marrying her fated love!"

At the end of the video, my mother's voice drifted softly: "You and Julian got a fake marriage certificate. Today, you actually legally married Leo. Who exactly is the father of the child in your belly?"

Scarlett smiled faintly, responding: "Leo has been an illegitimate child his entire life. I couldn't bear for his child to call someone else 'Dad'."

Turns out, the child I had eagerly awaited wasn't mine after all.

I clenched my jaw, leaving the meeting. My phone kept buzzing with new messages—

It was an appointment for a tubal ligation, and a line of text: "If you're willing, your child with Scarlett will be my only descendant in this life."


