---
layout: novel
title: "Wife tied to a turntable by 12 black-skinned guys just to do as Romans do."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 292
cover_image: "/images/wife-tied-to-a-turntable-by-12-black-skinned-guys-just-to-do-as-romans-do-.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-09 22:39:24"
rating: 4.8
rating_count: 97
---


Blakely Corp.'s new diamond mine in Africa was officially launching, and my wife, Chloe Blakely, bought me a first-class ticket to attend the ribbon-cutting ceremony.

But here I was, tied up in a chair, bound hand and foot.

Before me, a massive stage. Our business partner, Benjamin, pulled back a red cloth, revealing a huge, colorful spinning wheel. It was marked with twelve numbers, like a clock, and my wife was tied naked right in the middle.

"This is our tribe's celebration ritual," Benjamin declared.

The men, each wearing a number tag, roared with laughter. With every spin of the wheel, my wife would be subjected to whatever twisted 'game' the man assigned to that number had in mind.

I heard Chloe scream, "It hurts! No, stop it!"

I struggled desperately in the chair, trying to break free and rescue my wife.

But the ropes had barely loosened when a jolt of electricity surged through my body. I realized I was sitting in an electric chair.

The remote control was in Benjamin's hand!

My eyes turned bloodshot. The more I struggled to break free, the more Benjamin cranked up the current.

"Benjamin! What are you doing?!" I roared.

Benjamin, black as charcoal and strong as an ox, chuckled. "Why, completing our tribal ceremony, of course! Only this way will our partnership with Blakely Corp. go smoothly!"

As he finished speaking, one of his men stuffed a foul-smelling rag into my mouth.

The stench of the rag, the burning pain of the electric shocks, and the horrifying sight of my wife being humiliated before my eyes, made my vision blur with tears and my heart ache with unbearable agony!

Benjamin watched my struggles, laughing maniacally. "Keep struggling! Use more force if you're not afraid of being electrocuted to death!"

"Take a good look at our tribe's customs. Let us teach you pathetic outsiders how to pleasure a woman!"

My throat was choked with blood, the pain immense, but with my mouth gagged, I couldn't make a sound!

I closed my eyes, unable to watch my wife being tormented further, but two men forcibly pried my eyelids open.

I watched, helpless, as a huge brute of a man intimately engaged with her, violating her.

"No!"

"It hurts!"

"Ah…"

Chloe's screams seemed to be an aphrodisiac for these men. They laughed even louder!

My blood felt like it was freezing solid, my insides twisted in agony! My heart felt like it was being ripped apart, burning as if acid had been poured into it!

Benjamin, in his excitement, flung the remote control from his hand. I seized the chance, tore free from the ropes, and dashed onto the stage, heedless of the danger. But what could my 5'11" frame do against a group of 6'6" brutes?!

I had just ambushed one from behind when the big man, a literal black mountain, elbowed me, sending me flying.

I spat out blood, cursing from my corner. "This is illegal!"

Benjamin sneered. "Don't think just because I'm not from your country that I don't understand your ways. I’ve mastered your language, even studied under your Professor Davies! You have a saying, 'When in Rome, do as the Romans do!' Mr. Davies, have you forgotten your own customs?"

I spat back, "To hell with your damn customs!"

He strode over to my corner and kicked me in the chest with his leather shoe. "You're on our turf now! What can you do to us?!"

He dragged me back to the electric chair, tied me up again, and ordered his men to force my eyes open once more.

I watched as Chloe's body began to bruise and swell, my heart twisting in agony! I wished I could bear it all for her.

I struggled frantically in the electric chair, and my phone slipped from my inner pocket.

The screen displayed an email from the Chief, written in French, offering me thirty of his daughters as brides.

The men couldn't understand French. They snatched my phone, threw it to the ground, and stomped on it wildly until it was a pile of shattered fragments!

I was almost insane. I lurched forward, electric chair still strapped to my back, charging onto the stage, shouting, "Chloe! I'm sorry I'm late!"


