---
layout: novel
title: "My Fiancé, Taking Revenge for a Maid's Daughter, Slashed Me 100 Times; the Monster That I Am, Reborn to Marry a Fellow Kind"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 566
cover_image: "/images/my-fianc-taking-revenge-for-a-maid-s-daughter-slashed-me-100-times-the-monster-that-i-am-reborn-to-marry-a-fellow-kind.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-11 22:59:51"
rating: 4.1
rating_count: 25
---

I was the only daughter of the city's wealthiest family, born late in my father's life, and notoriously delicate. Even as an adult, I needed three maids just for my daily needs, because the slightest scratch would lead to uncontrollable bleeding that wouldn't heal for weeks. My father replaced every cook, gardener, and maid in our mansion with top-tier doctors, terrified of even the slightest mishap.

“'Pick a husband who'll live here, someone I can trust to protect you,' my father had insisted."

Naturally, I chose Julian, the most handsome and gentlemanly of them all.

But on our wedding night, with no warning, he brutally violated me, his voice chilling.

"'Seraphina! Do you truly die if a top-tier doctor isn't by your side?'"

"'Chloe only asked to use one of your doctors, and you let her miss her optimal treatment window, leaving her with a scar! Today, you'll feel the despair she felt!'"

Julian's words grew coarser, and immediately, I felt a sticky wetness beneath me as the blood flowed uncontrollably. When he finally stopped, I had already lost my breath.

When I opened my eyes again, I was back to the day I chose my husband.

My father was swiping through photos on the projector, one by one. This time, I had my father scroll straight to the man wearing an eye patch.

"'I choose him!'"


