---
layout: novel
title: "Girlfriend wants to marry white moonlight, put me in a dog cage when I face intimacy, I left after she regretted"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 282
cover_image: "/images/girlfriend-wants-to-marry-white-moonlight-put-me-in-a-dog-cage-when-i-face-intimacy-i-left-after-she-regretted.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-11 22:59:52"
rating: 4.6
rating_count: 48
---

I spent ten years by Seraphina’s side, helping her climb from an illegitimate daughter, tossed out on the streets, to the top contender for the Vance family empire.

When I eagerly prepared to propose, she was secretly planning a lavish wedding with her supposed soulmate, Preston Thorne.

Even her own subordinates couldn’t stand it. “Mr. Hayes has been with you for so many years, everyone has seen his hard work and contributions. We’ve always considered him family…”

Seraphina exhaled a puff of smoke. “Jaxson Hayes? He’s too much of a force to handle, too wild for marriage. He’s a sharp blade, no doubt, especially for cutting through business deals, but marriage? That’s for someone you truly love.”

“Besides, his background? It’s nowhere near Preston’s.”

“But Mr. Hayes is formidable now. What if he finds out about the contract termination?”

Seraphina sneered. “The inheritance is pretty much in the bag. What kind of storm can Jaxson Hayes whip up? And seriously, you guys don't get how obsessed he is with me, do you? A few sweet words, and he'll be putty in my hands.”

I slowly lowered the hand that was about to knock, tucking away the latest quarterly financial reports. Instead, I pulled out my phone and sent a SnapChat message to her sister, Blair Vance.

“The Vance heir position and her life. Interested?”


