---
layout: novel
title: "My wife wants to step on my face to raise the price for the pretty boy, so I will let her lose face and pay back ten thousand times"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 986
cover_image: "/images/my-wife-wants-to-step-on-my-face-to-raise-the-price-for-the-pretty-boy-so-i-will-let-her-lose-face-and-pay-back-ten-thousand-times.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-11 22:59:52"
rating: 4.7
rating_count: 59
---


On the day of our holiday family gathering, my wife, Vivian Hayes, with whom I had signed a prenuptial agreement stipulating a 10,000x payback of my assets if she cheated, took her young assistant, Liam Foster, to my private vineyard.

She claimed Liam was away from his family and she wanted to make him feel truly welcome and cherished. So she lavished billions on him right there, splashing out money just to see him smile. As their emotions deepened, fueled by the cheers of the crowd, they linked arms and shared an intimate toast.

My assistant sent me a screenshot from Liam Foster's SnapChat story: "You truly become yourself when you meet the right person."

In the photo, the look in Vivian Hayes' eyes as she gazed at him was brimming with an unadulterated affection, a fervent tenderness I hadn't seen in five long years.

I smirked, then casually froze her supplementary credit card – the one with a hundred billion dollar limit.

"Honey, I'm doing a team-building event with my staff. Why isn't my card working?" she called, her voice tight. "Everyone's watching. Don't make me look bad."

I replied calmly, "Ms. Hayes, have you forgotten who you are?"

She hesitated for a moment. "Honey, don't joke around with me. You'll spoil everyone's fun."

"Oh, really? If you love drinking so much, then live stream yourself chugging every bottle in the vineyard. I'll unfreeze the card instantly."

A minute passed. She hadn't taken a single sip.

I sent her a trending news headline instead: "Hayes Group's Hundred-Billion-Dollar Company Declared Bankrupt."

Since she loved splurging billions on her little assistant, I figured she should experience a thousandfold payback first!


