---
layout: novel
title: "The 99th Time My Husband's Girlfriend Threatened to Break Up, He Turned Around and Handed Me the Divorce Papers"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 127
cover_image: "/images/the-99th-time-my-husband-s-girlfriend-threatened-to-break-up-he-turned-around-and-handed-me-the-divorce-papers.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-12 23:41:14"
rating: 4.0
rating_count: 57
---

Julian's 'darling little thing' was having her 99th 'breakup' tantrum.

He handed me the divorce papers.

"Quinn, just sign it. It's just to humor her. Once she cools down, we'll get back together."

This time, I didn't refuse. I signed the divorce papers without hesitation.

The bystanders present were all murmuring, "Julian, you're a legend! You've got your wife completely under your thumb!"

"Spill your tricks, dude! Share your secrets to handling a woman!"

Julian snuffed out his cigarette butt, his face gleaming with pride.

"She's head over heels for me. I could bring a woman home and screw her right here, and Quinn wouldn't dare utter a peep."

The laughter behind me exploded like fireworks, exposing the raw, ugly truth of my ten-year marriage.

That night, he brought the girl home.

The faint, bunny-like whimpers from the girl went on all night.

I picked up my pre-packed luggage and turned to leave.

Martha, our housekeeper, tried to stop me, but Julian just scoffed.

"Let her go. She's nothing but a damn nobody without me!"

"Does she still think she's that celebrated champion artist she once was?"

He provocatively kissed the young girl's face, but his eyes were fixed on me.

The next day, the whole town was betting how many days it would take Julian's 'disobedient ex-wife' to come crawling back.

But what they didn't know was that the renowned director, my best friend Riley, who was personally flying me out to the International Art Gala, was already waiting in the extended limo outside.

This time, I was truly leaving.

---

0
