---
layout: novel
title: "Fall in Love Again? No Way! Get Lost!"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 705
cover_image: "/images/fall-in-love-again-no-way-get-lost-.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-12 23:41:17"
rating: 4.3
rating_count: 28
---

The day before final exams, Olivia agreed to go out with Kyle, a bad boy she had recently met at a bar, to celebrate her 18th birthday.

I was surprised Olivia would agree, given how seriously she usually took exams.

Earlier that day, I had accidentally overheard Kyle talking to his friend in the bathroom:

"Tonight I'm going to make sure that girl has a real good time with me! She won't be in any shape to take exams tomorrow!"

In my previous life, when Olivia told me about her plans, I had desperately tried to stop her.

But all I got in return was her mockery:

"Adam, this is Kyle's special birthday celebration for me turning 18. You coward, if you're not going to celebrate with me, can you at least not get in the way of my happiness?"

For the sake of Olivia's future, I ignored her insults.

I secretly told her parents about Kyle's plans.

That night, Olivia's parents kept her locked up at home.

The next day they personally escorted her to the exam.

Olivia ended up getting into her dream college as planned.

But Kyle, furious that his scheme had failed, got drunk and got into a fight.

He ended up killing someone and was sentenced to death.

When Olivia heard the news, she completely broke down.

She invited me over to her house, acting friendly to set me up.

After I left, she called the police claiming I had assaulted her.

My bright future was ruined. My parents, devastated by the online harassment, committed suicide by gas poisoning at home.

Olivia stood outside my family's door, coldly filming my parents' final moments of struggle.

She brought the video when she visited me in prison.

"Adam, I'm going to make your whole family pay for what happened to Kyle!"

The shock was too much - I died of a heart attack in prison...

When I opened my eyes again, I had returned to the day before finals.

I looked at Olivia, who was excitedly telling me about her plans with Kyle that night, and smiled.

This time, I would let her do as she pleased...


