---
layout: novel
title: "After Eight Years of Marriage, My Husband Aborted My 12 Children and Spread Rumors That I Was Having Affairs"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 453
cover_image: "/images/after-eight-years-of-marriage-my-husband-aborted-my-12-children-and-spread-rumors-that-i-was-having-affairs.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-16 22:59:23"
rating: 4.9
rating_count: 54
---

Eight years married, twelve pregnancies, twelve heartbreaks. Each time, a mysterious miscarriage stole my babies away. Everyone whispered it was my fault, that my wild youth had ruined my body. I endured countless IVF treatments, swallowed mountains of pills. But no matter what, I could never hold onto a pregnancy.

I couldn't bear to see Liam so tormented. Tears blurring my vision, I nodded, agreeing to let his childhood sweetheart, Chloe, bear him a child. Chloe became pregnant, and the baby was perfectly healthy. He wrapped me in a tight embrace, his face alight with pure joy.

"Now you won't have to go through the pain of IVF anymore. This child, once born, will be the sole heir to the Davies fortune."

I truly believed the storm had passed, that we could finally settle into a loving, peaceful marriage.

But then, I stumbled upon a conversation between Liam and Chloe that shattered my world.

"I knew your heart was always mine. I told you, I made Avery believe it was her fault, by putting miscarriage-inducing drugs in her food."

Liam gently stroked her belly, a soft smile gracing his lips. "She's so unbelievably stupid. She believes anything I tell her. If it wasn't for making her get the hint and divorce me willingly, I wouldn't have even bothered with the drugs. Once our baby is here, everything in the Davies family will be ours. And his parents? They won't be able to do a damn thing."

I thought about the endless IVF cycles, the infections, the internal damage to my body, and a wave of ice-cold horror washed over me.

Eight years of marriage. It was all a lie. And it was finally time for it to end.


