---
layout: novel
title: "My Reincarnated Lover Has Skin Hunger But Never Touches Me: I Left Him, Yet He Kneels Begging Me to Return"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 826
cover_image: "/images/my-reincarnated-lover-has-skin-hunger-but-never-touches-me-i-left-him-yet-he-kneels-begging-me-to-return.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-17 22:45:44"
rating: 4.2
rating_count: 19
---

Quinn has skin hunger syndrome but never touches me. He says it's because he loves me too much to hurt me. I believed him. But in private, he embraces his true love without hesitation, saying, "The sorcerer said that without that pearl, she's no different from ordinary people. Why should I care about her?" "She's just a fox spirit. Isn't it disgusting to touch her? My skin hunger can only be satisfied by our dear Sophia." Everyone thought I would continue to endure, just because he is my immortal love I've searched for over a thousand years. But I acted out of character, not crying or making a fuss. On the eve of his wedding, I vowed never to see him again in this life and returned to my magical realm. Who knew that a year later, he would travel thousands of miles to my realm, kneeling and begging me to return to his side. "Quinn, I don't want children anymore. Please, just hold me."
With the rapid development of modern technology, the spiritual energy of heaven and earth has become scarce. No new magical creatures have been born since the founding of the country. So now magical beings are in decline, with only a few thousand-year-old great spirits still existing in the world. But I had no awareness of shouldering the mission of reviving our kind, indulging in love instead. I wanted to be with my immortal love Lucas forever, just because I had waited for him for a thousand years. For him, I cut off contact with my clan, willing to become an ordinary person mingling in modern society. He never touched me, but he told me he wanted to have a child. To fulfill his wish to be a father, I disregarded the reproductive barrier between humans and magical beings. I found a witch doctor and exchanged half of my remaining soul to get a body that could conceive offspring with humans. Because I loved him.

