---
layout: novel
title: "After my wife harmed my mother and lay in the hospital, I begged her to return the deposit to save my life, but I was rejected!"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 652
cover_image: "/images/after-my-wife-harmed-my-mother-and-lay-in-the-hospital-i-begged-her-to-return-the-deposit-to-save-my-life-but-i-was-rejected-.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-17 22:46:07"
rating: 4.1
rating_count: 4
---


My CEO girlfriend of five years doubted my loyalty. 

She demanded I collect ten thousand blessings from strangers before she'd marry me. 

But when Marcus, the man she truly obsessed over – the one she'd broken up with three times – asked her to marry him on a dare, she couldn't wait to make their relationship official, splashing it across every major screen in the city.

My mom, who'd just come to the city to meet my fiancée, was so enraged she suffered a heart attack and ended up in the hospital.

 I rushed to the announcement site, falling to my knees, begging Vivian to return my savings for Mom's medical bills.

But she frowned, saying that once my money was in her hands, it was hers. 

She had no obligation to pay for my family's expenses, telling me to figure it out myself.

 Then, right in front of me, she used my money to order Marcus a luxury car.

Because I couldn't pay on time, Mom missed her window for treatment and died tragically in the hospital morgue. 

I buried her with tears in my eyes, accepted an offer from a major overseas company, and submitted my resignation.

Vivian, though, just thought I was throwing a tantrum. 

She casually said, "Where else would a guy your age go without me? Don't play your little games with me.

 I'll take your mom out for a few days later, just doing my duty as your future daughter-in-law."

But when she saw me at the airport, why did her eyes turn red, and why did she fall to her knees, begging for my forgiveness?


