---
layout: novel
title: "After untying the good luck constitution for her husband, he regretted going crazy."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 164
cover_image: "/images/after-untying-the-good-luck-constitution-for-her-husband-he-regretted-going-crazy-.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-18 23:11:54"
rating: 4.5
rating_count: 98
---


I was born a wellspring of good fortune; simply being married to me, sharing intimacy, could amplify one's luck.

My husband, Julian, however, was a magnet for bad luck, a hex. Only I could nullify its devastating effects.

For a lifetime, we spent countless nights baring our souls, our bodies intertwined. His fortune skyrocketed, his assets multiplied, building an immense business empire and making him the wealthiest man in the world.

Yet, after enjoying a lifetime of luxury, the day he was diagnosed with a terminal illness, he had me brutally beaten, my limbs shattered, and left me at the foot of a desolate tombstone.

I was stunned, utterly horrified, but he just sneered, a cruel twist on his face:

"All these years, I never loved you. The only one I ever loved was Seraphina!"

Time had faded my memory; I couldn't even recall who Seraphina was. All I could do was beg for mercy, but Julian mercilessly plunged a knife into my heart.

When I opened my eyes again, I was back to the very day Julian became the nation's wealthiest man.

A furious voice cut through the air:

"Seraphina! Can you please just stay away from me? I don't like you at all!"

Watching the melodramatic scene unfold between the man and woman before me, I simply smiled:

"Since your feelings are so strong, then by all means, stay."

This time, I was eager to see if, without my luck aura, Julian still had the resources to live happily ever after with Seraphina.

0
