---
layout: novel
title: "Girlfriend died for white moonlight, after rebirth I fulfill them, but she regretted it"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 443
cover_image: "/images/girlfriend-died-for-white-moonlight-after-rebirth-i-fulfill-them-but-she-regretted-it.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-18 23:12:01"
rating: 4.2
rating_count: 4
---


The news hit me like a train wreck: my first love had died in a car crash.

 And then, at my own engagement party, my fiancée slit her wrists, giving up on everything.

 It was then, and only then, that I finally understood: her heart had always belonged to Julian.

I was reborn, back to the very day of our engagement.

 But she never showed up. Instead, she booked a billion-dollar luxury yacht and married Julian. 

I watched their wedding trending across every major news headline, then turned and walked away.

Six years later, I returned to the country with my wife. 

At an exclusive high-society gala, I unexpectedly ran into Chloe again. By now, she was the heiress to a massive business empire, celebrated as an outstanding female executive. 

She was clinging intimately to Julian, chatting with the guests, radiating success.

When I pushed through the crowd, looking for someone, her brows furrowed in annoyance. 

“Six years, and you still haven't given up on me? Even if you offered to be my assistant and polish my shoes, my feelings for you wouldn't change.”

I ignored her, reaching under a long table to pull out my daughter, who was secretly stuffing her face with cake.

Suddenly, Chloe’s eyes widened, turning red. Her voice trembled as she accused me, “How could you marry someone else and have a child? Didn’t you say you’d only marry me?!”


