---
layout: novel
title: "Betrayed After 40 Years: My Second Chance at Life"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 676
cover_image: "/images/betrayed-after-40-years-my-second-chance-at-life.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-19 22:27:04"
rating: 4.7
rating_count: 42
---

Shortly after our wedding, my wife Ava was paralyzed in a car accident. I cared for her for over forty years, but it wasn't until she passed away that I discovered she had left a will giving all our assets to Ryan, her ex-classmate from years ago.
I was kicked out of the house we'd lived in for decades. Leaning on my cane, I shakily made my way to a law firm, hoping to reclaim the property as her husband. Instead, I was informed that Ava had secretly divorced me years ago.
Before I could process this shock, Ryan sought me out, taunting me with cruel words.
"You didn't know, did you? She was worried about me, so she's been sending me your salary and her pension all these years."
"When you were younger, she refused to have children with you because we already had a child together. Come to think of it, I should thank you for paying to raise our kid."
I was devastated and enraged.
But before I could react, Ryan kicked me into a muddy puddle.
Later, his son hired a group of young thugs who beat me to death in a sack.
When I opened my eyes again, I saw my young, newly paralyzed wife crying before me.
"Lucas, the doctor says I'll never walk again. What will I do if I can't work?"
I silently pocketed the bank card I had prepared for her and sneered, "What else? When you starve to death, I'll give you a grand funeral."

0
