---
layout: novel
title: "Inheritance Betrayal - How I'll Make My Brother Regret Faking His Death."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 427
cover_image: "/images/my-brother-faked-his-death-to-cheat-me-out-of-my-inheritance-when-he-s-reborn-i-ll-make-him-regret-it-.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-21 13:05:18"
rating: 4.1
rating_count: 76
---


My first act after being reborn was to pour my best friend’s ashes down the drain.

In my previous life, my best friend’s wife cheated on him, not only emptying their joint accounts but also leaving him drowning in debt.

He ended up homeless, beaten to a pulp by loan sharks, barely clinging to life.

When I finally reached him, he was barely breathing, and he begged me to raise his daughter.

Seeing how young the child was, I soft-heartedly agreed.

To take care of her, my girlfriend broke up with me, and my parents kicked me out of the house.

I poured my blood, sweat, and tears into raising her. When she became an adult, she became a rising model after shooting a commercial.

Everyone envied me for having such a wonderful daughter. But as I was celebrating her success, my best friend, who had supposedly died years ago, appeared, arm-in-arm with my ex-girlfriend.

“Looks like you passed my test.”

Seeing my confusion, my ex-girlfriend explained arrogantly.

“Derek is the heir to a multi-billion dollar fortune. Who knows if you were only friends with him for his money.”

“But now that you’ve honestly raised our daughter, you’ve proven yourself worthy.”

I furiously stepped forward, ready to punch them, but my adopted daughter threw a drink in my face.

“You sick freak! How dare you lay a hand on my parents?!”

I choked on my rage, my vision blurring, and then I just… collapsed.

When I woke up again, I had been reborn to the very day my best friend was beaten by thugs.


