---
layout: novel
title: "For the upper girlfriend and green plum scramble to climb into the boss's bed, I turn around to leave, they regret crazy"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 854
cover_image: "/images/for-the-upper-girlfriend-and-green-plum-scramble-to-climb-into-the-boss-s-bed-i-turn-around-to-leave-they-regret-crazy.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-21 13:05:20"
rating: 4.6
rating_count: 87
---


My girlfriend and my childhood best friend indulged in their desires non-stop for days, while I stood by, silently handing out condoms to men.

“Don’t worry, they can handle it. Just have fun.”

In my past life, a plane crash stranded everyone who attended a company interview on a deserted island.

After the disaster, the CEO teamed up with other men to hoard food, making women trade their bodies for survival.

I tried to convince the women to uphold their dignity, but my usually conservative girlfriend just mocked me for being old-fashioned.

“Are you jealous of the CEO’s kindness?”

“We’re on a deserted island now, who cares about morals and dignity? You’re not going to break up with me over this, are you?”

“You’re useless, but you can’t deny me a chance to survive, can you?”

Almost all the women were swayed and walked over, but Chloe, my childhood best friend, stayed firmly by my side.

It wasn't until the company’s bodyguards arrived to take us back that everyone realized this was just a corporate compliance test. Those who passed successfully would get to stay with the company.

Chloe and I were fired, but my girlfriend, Briana, successfully joined the company due to her outstanding performance and even married the CEO.

When Chloe found me, I had just uncovered the truth about the company. But she stabbed me, again and again.

“Why did you stop me? Do you know how much I wanted to get into this company? How much I wanted to marry him?”

“If it weren’t for you, I would have succeeded long ago. How could I let someone else snatch it away?”

It was then I realized she had been secretly in love with the CEO all along.

When I opened my eyes again, Chloe was asking for my opinion. I pushed her forward.

“Fight for it. If you want something, go snatch it.”


