---
layout: novel
title: "In order to save the virgin green plum, my husband used his son as zombie bait"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 259
cover_image: "/images/in-order-to-save-the-virgin-green-plum-my-husband-used-his-son-as-zombie-bait.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-22 20:10:05"
rating: 4.8
rating_count: 68
---

He Chose Her Dog Over Our Son.

Julian’s childhood friend was taken.

It was all because of her reckless compassion. To save a tiny dog, she tricked someone’s kid into opening the door, and he was bitten to death by zombies.

To save her, Julian planned to throw our four-year-old son into the zombie horde, just to appease them.

I ran to the edge of the zombie pit, kneeling and begging.

“They just want to vent their rage! You can send me down there instead! They can hit me, curse me, tear me to shreds by the zombies—I’ll take it all, just please, I beg you, let the child go!”

Julian yanked me onto the ground, his face twisted in utter disgust.

“You go? If you die, who protects the Pei family? Don’t forget, you were bound to the Pei family by Grandpa Arthur, meant to serve until your dying breath.”

“Besides, I’m just filming a video. I’m not actually going to kill him.”

He rushed off to retrieve his childhood friend, leaving our son dangling in the air, transforming into a zombie right before my eyes.

That night, I hardened my heart and ended my son’s life myself.

Meanwhile, Julian spent the entire night comforting his friend, bringing her three fluffy puppies.

I knelt before Grandpa Arthur, clutching Leo’s body, half of it already a chilling purple-black.

“You laid my entire family to rest back then, and I saved your son’s life, even bore him a child. Now, my debt is fully repaid. There’s no reason for me to stay in the Pei family any longer.”


