---
layout: novel
title: "My husband and the intern were having an affair, and I faked my death to get away from him."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 418
cover_image: "/images/my-husband-and-the-intern-were-having-an-affair-and-i-faked-my-death-to-get-away-from-him-.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-22 20:10:06"
rating: 4.5
rating_count: 14
---


My mercenary husband, Caleb, was on a mission when he found himself acting as a 'cure' for Sera, a new operative on his team.

They explored every intimacy imaginable within that cave. He didn't return for three full days and nights.

He knelt before me, his voice filled with despair and pleading.

"Aubrey, it was all for the mission, a matter of life and death. As captain, I couldn't just stand by."

"But you're the only one I truly love."

To show his commitment, he removed Sera from the team.

He also promised to leave the mercenary life in three years and return as the heir to the Davies family fortune.

I cradled the tiny two-month-old life inside me and forgave him.

Three years later, having just suffered yet another miscarriage, I saw Caleb Davies at the hospital, when he was supposed to be on a mission.

He was holding Sera, who was covered in blood, screaming at the top of his lungs for a doctor.

It turned out Sera had taken a bullet for Caleb, the slug missing her heart by mere inches.

And her child was already three years old. It was Caleb's.

Caleb knelt before me, his face pale as death. "That time, three years ago, she got pregnant and raised the child alone. I just came to see them, mother and son, because I felt sorry for her, and then… this happened."

"Aubrey, there's nothing between us. Even if you can't carry a child, you'll always be my wife."

Sera, still recovering from her injuries, looked at me, her eyes filled with tears.

"Mrs. Davies, please, I beg you, save my child! He has leukemia and needs umbilical cord blood from a full sibling..."

Caleb looked at her, his expression filled with tenderness, then turned to me. "Aubrey, you're the kindest person I know. I can't just let him die. Don't worry, we'll just do IVF."

I stared at him, thinking of the investigation report I'd received. I spoke calmly, "Then while we're at it, let's get a divorce. We wouldn't want the child to be born out of wedlock, that would be too sad..."

"Aubrey, I knew you'd understand me perfectly!" Caleb's face visibly brightened with joy.

"Don't worry, once the baby is born and registered, we'll remarry."

I ignored him and walked straight out.

I pulled out a golden card and made a call. "Your offer, I accept."


