---
layout: novel
title: "After my husband rented me to someone else for the white moonlight, I didn't want him anymore."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 777
cover_image: "/images/after-my-husband-rented-me-to-someone-else-for-the-white-moonlight-i-didn-t-want-him-anymore-.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-22 20:10:07"
rating: 4.7
rating_count: 2
---


My fiancé was dirt poor. So poor I had to fashion my wedding dress from a mosquito net, but I wouldn't have had it any other way.

During our rare vacation, when we'd finally saved enough for a trip, Blake left me in the car while I was sleeping and walked away.

Men stuck on the highway took turns, one after another, in the car, but I was completely unaware.

When we finally got to the Airbnb, he, usually so reserved and controlled, started playing increasingly twisted games.

It wasn't until he was showering that I saw him sharing photos and videos of me in the car, and in the public restroom near the rest area, in a group chat.

Disbelief choked me. I wanted to confront him, but another message popped up in the chat.

"Just ten thousand for Young Master Blake's fiancée? I'll pay thirty thousand upfront!"

"Young Master Blake really knows how to play! Pretending to be poor for all these years, just to get revenge for Scarlett Zhao. Finally, he’s playing for high stakes!"

Before I could even process why my fiancé was being called "Young Master Blake," the man in the shower instantly replied:

"Scarlett Zhao only went into the woods with those guys back then to save me. I just want to get revenge for her."

Tears streamed down my face, hitting the screen. It hit me like a lightning bolt.

I was the one who went into the woods with those ten men to save him back then...


