---
layout: novel
title: "ter Sister Stole My Marriage Alliance Target, I Married a Big Shot to Make a High-Profile Comeback"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 139
cover_image: "/images/ter-sister-stole-my-marriage-alliance-target-i-married-a-big-shot-to-make-a-high-profile-comeback.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-23 22:09:14"
rating: 4.2
rating_count: 66
---

The night of my 18th birthday celebration, my sister, Isabelle, disguised as me, slipped into my boyfriend Alex's bed.

Lost in the haze of passion, Alex, still just a young man, sensed something was off. His face contorted with pure disgust as he ordered her to get out.

At 22, on my wedding day, Isabelle arrived in a wedding dress, loudly inviting Alex to elope with her. Alex calmly instructed security to escort her out, but I saw a flicker of raw emotion in his eyes.

At 23, when I was holding my positive pregnancy test, my heart swelling with joy, Isabelle stepped in front of Alex, taking a blade meant for him from some business rivals. The blow damaged her spine, leaving her unable to dance ever again. By her hospital bed, Alex gently kissed Isabelle's hand, promising to take care of her for the rest of his life.

Later, I quietly ended my pregnancy and filed for divorce. Alex's eyes were filled with guilt, but he eventually signed the divorce papers.

"I'm sorry, Chloe. Isabelle only has me."

At 25, I returned for his and Isabelle’s wedding, a dazzling diamond ring sparkling on my finger. Alex, his eyes bloodshot, cornered me. "Don't find a fake just to spite me. This ring was designed by Ayu, known as 'The Divine Pen,' for his wife. How could it be on your hand?"

"Guess why he's called Ayu?"


