---
layout: novel
title: "My ex-husband caused me to miscarry for my lover. Five years later, I took my daughter's amazing face."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 382
cover_image: "/images/my-ex-husband-caused-me-to-miscarry-for-my-lover-five-years-later-i-took-my-daughter-s-amazing-face-.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-26 22:00:07"
rating: 4.5
rating_count: 71
---

After I got pregnant, my husband, a notorious playboy, utterly transformed. He not only cut off all his flirtations but also showered me with affection.

Until one day before my due date, I accidentally overheard him talking to his buddy, Jake.

“Marcus, that young woman you’ve been sponsoring, is she still bothering you? She’s younger and prettier than your wife. Don’t you feel anything for her?”

Marcus scoffed, a sneer twisting his face. 

“What is she? She’s not even fit to shine my wife’s shoes. I’m just doing something good to earn some good karma for my wife. The sooner she’s gone, the better.”

A wave of sweetness swelled in my heart. I thought I’d finally found true happiness.

But who would’ve thought? The very next day, as I was on my way to the hospital, that girl drove her car straight into us.

 She held a terminal diagnosis in her hand, tears streaming down her face, unable to stop them.

“Marcus, I don’t have much time left. If you won’t have me, are you forcing me to die to finally feel at peace?!”

I was already bleeding, kneeling in the car, begging Marcus to rush me to the hospital. 

But he ruthlessly kicked me away and locked the car doors.

“Get out! If Vanessa gets hurt, neither you nor the baby in your belly will live!”

I was trapped in the car for an entire day and night. 

By the time someone found me and pulled me out, my baby’s heartbeat was gone.

At my lowest, Marcus actually called.

“Let’s get divorced first. Vanessa’s condition can’t wait. I need to take her abroad for treatment as her husband.”

Tears streaming down my face, I agreed to his demand. I clutched my baby’s ashes and left that heartbreaking place.

Five years later, I was living in a remote fishing village, scavenging for junk to survive. I never expected to see Marcus again.

His gaze fell on my three-year-old daughter in my arms, and his eyes actually reddened.

“Didn’t I tell you to wait for me at home? And what do you do? You’re out here picking up trash with my daughter! Look how thin she is! Are you even fit to be a mother?”


