---
layout: novel
title: "After ten years of marriage, my wife and Bai Yueguang had twin children, and I filed for divorce to fulfill them."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 114
cover_image: "/images/after-ten-years-of-marriage-my-wife-and-bai-yueguang-had-twin-children-and-i-filed-for-divorce-to-fulfill-them-.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-29 14:21:53"
rating: 4.4
rating_count: 63
---


Ten years into our marriage, my CEO wife, Victoria, flaked on our plan to spend the May Day holiday together again, claiming a last-minute business trip. 

But then, a message popped up from Julian, the man she'd always carried a torch for. 

It was a photo of his whole family on a trip, Victoria in the picture, laughing and playing with a kid.

"Alex, if I'm not mistaken, she told you she had to go on a business trip again, didn't she? After all these years, it's hilarious how you still fall for that excuse."

"Guess where she's taking me this time?"

My gaze fixated on the corner of the plane ticket in the photo. It clearly said "Fairbanks." I typed out a reply and sent it back:

"Even if she goes to hell, it has nothing to do with me."

Moments later, Victoria's furious call came through.

"Julian was just sharing a moment from his life. Why are you so petty, snapping at him for something like that?"

"Go apologize to Julian right now. I'll make time to take you on a trip when I get back from my business trip."

Listening to yet another one of her empty promises, I mumbled a few perfunctory words and hung up.

But she had no idea. I already knew about the twins she had with someone else.

Three days from now, my divorce petition would go through. It was time for this marriage, built on lies, to finally end.


