---
layout: novel
title: "I entered the orc world, surrounded by beautiful men. My cousin hurriedly snatched the group pet system. I curled my lips and took out AK."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 539
cover_image: "/images/i-entered-the-orc-world-surrounded-by-beautiful-men-my-cousin-hurriedly-snatched-the-group-pet-system-i-curled-my-lips-and-took-out-ak-.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-06-30 17:14:06"
rating: 4.2
rating_count: 70
---


My cousin and I both transmigrated to a beastmen world.

Life in this world was harsh, but we were surrounded by all kinds of gorgeous men, and polyandry was the norm.

My cousin, Brittany, snatched the [Beloved System] first, grinning triumphantly at me. 

"You got ahead of me in our last life, but this time, everyone will love and spoil me. 

I'm the protagonist, and I'll have countless leading men."

I just smiled faintly, opting for the leftover [Nation-Building Tech System], then pulled out an AK47.

“I want that [Beloved System]!”

Brittany shoved me aside, her eyes gleaming with impatience.

The moment I heard her, I knew. Brittany had reincarnated too.

In our previous life, my cousin and I had just arrived in this beastmen world when two systems appeared: one was the [Beloved System], and the other, the [Nation-Building Tech System].

Last time, Brittany pinched me hard, rushing to choose the [Nation-Building Tech System]. I never thought she’d regret it and choose differently this time around.

The robotic voice in the air spoke, just as stiffly as before. “Once chosen, there’s no turning back.”

“Only a fool would regret becoming the beloved protagonist! I’ll never regret it!”

As Brittany’s words faded, the pink glow slowly settled into her chest.

And just like that, the discarded [Nation-Building Tech System] bound itself to me.

Brittany stared at me, a mix of triumph and hatred in her eyes:

“Skylar, in our last life, you got the Beloved System and enjoyed the adoration of so many men. 

This time, those good days finally belong to me. As for you, if you get in my way, you might as well die early in this wilderness.”

If Brittany hadn't snatched the [Nation-Building Tech System] last time, why would I have needed to bind myself to the Beloved System and live a life of trying to please countless men?

What was poison to me, she craved like honey.

Oh, Brittany. You don't know, I’ve wanted this [Nation-Building Tech System] for ages. Now, my wish has finally come true.

The surrounding light faded, just like last time, leaving us in a dense forest. 

The trees here were so thick they blocked out the sun, even denser than any rainforest I’d seen. 

All sorts of strange plants were everywhere. This was the primeval beastmen world, where strength reigned supreme.

Brittany couldn’t wait. “The protagonist’s perks are finally mine.”

“Quick, Beloved System, make me beautiful!”

A crystalline pill appeared in Brittany’s hand, and she swallowed it without hesitation.

The pill worked instantly. Brittany’s skin brightened several shades, becoming smooth and delicate, and even her hair turned silky.

“This Beloved System stuff is amazing! Skylar, you were so stingy to hog something this good from me in our last life!”

 Brittany excitedly caressed her now even more beautiful face, then remembered me standing nearby and added, her voice bitter with resentment.

Just then, a lion’s roar echoed, and a massive tiger leaped out of the dense jungle beside us.

Brittany showed no fear. She swayed her hips, a shy smile playing on her lips, and walked towards the tiger.

A flicker of human-like astonishment crossed the great tiger’s eyes. The next second, he transformed into a bare-chested, handsome man.

“Beautiful she-beastkin, if you do not have a tribe, Brody invites you to return to my tribe with me.”

Brittany, all sweetness and light, threw herself into Brody’s arms, shooting me a triumphant look over his shoulder.

“Of course, I’d be delighted.”


