---
layout: novel
title: "My Husband Can Only Get It Up for His Secretary, So I've Made Up My Mind to Leave"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 70
cover_image: "/images/my-husband-can-only-get-it-up-for-his-secretary-so-i-ve-made-up-my-mind-to-leave.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-07-01 21:22:56"
rating: 4.9
rating_count: 6
---

I married the son of a billionaire through an arranged marriage, but he suffered from erectile dysfunction. The only woman who could arouse him was his secretary.

To give his terminally ill father a grandson, my husband would sneak out every night to "resolve his physical needs" with his secretary. When I discovered this, he fell to his knees crying, slapping himself until he bled as he begged for my forgiveness.

"Honey, I do love you. I just can't bear to see my father pass away with regrets!" he pleaded.

What he didn't know was that every time he snuck out, I would buy myself a luxury apartment downtown as compensation. And each time his secretary got pregnant, I would treat myself to a private island.

In just two years, I had acquired 99 luxury properties and 4 islands.

Until one day, I received a photo. In it, my father-in-law - who was supposed to have died from cancer - was lovingly caressing the secretary's pregnant belly, his eyes glowing with joy.

I threw the photo in my husband's face. He immediately dropped to his knees, repeatedly kowtowing as he begged:

"Honey, this child is the fruit of our love. I beg you to spare her..."

"I swear I'll cut off all contact with her once the baby is born!"

I clenched my fists tightly, resisting the urge to hit him. Instead, I turned away calmly.

"Fine," I said.

Since you don't cherish what I've given you, don't blame me for taking it all back.

0
