---
layout: novel
title: "After Dumping My Husband, I Became My Own CEO"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 626
cover_image: "/images/after-dumping-my-husband-i-became-my-own-ceo.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-07-08 22:04:48"
rating: 4.0
rating_count: 12
---

I was Ryan White's sidekick.
And the only girl by his side.
Until the transfer student showed up.
The White family intervened, sending him and me abroad.
In a foreign country, sparks flew unexpectedly.
After sobering up, Ryan was silent for a long time, regretfully saying he would take responsibility.
This relationship lasted until we returned home.
When Ryan once again abandoned me for the transfer student, I breathed a sigh of relief.
The White family sent me abroad and arranged a job for me. I didn't even know how to bring up breaking up.

I only wanted to have some fun in the first place.
Ryan White had a handsome face, broad shoulders, narrow waist, and a nice butt. He came from money too.
When he talked to me, those eyes that looked at even dogs with deep affection and his bobbing Adam's apple made my heart race involuntarily.
He was truly a rare specimen.
I had been eyeing him for a long time.

I was a poor student sponsored by the White family.
After my mom gave birth to my little brother, she basically packed me up and sent me to the White family as a foster child.
Mrs. White was kind-hearted and took me in.
But I knew my place.
I could never be more than a helper in their household.
I glanced at the White family's maid's quarters, which were bigger than the master bedroom in my old home.

And so, I followed Ryan White all the way from elementary school to high school.
When he skipped class, I covered for him.
When he slept, I did his homework for him.
I watched as Ryan's desk drawer filled up with love letters.
Ryan didn't seem interested in any girl.

But when someone teased him about me, saying: "Ryan White, you change girlfriends so often, won't your little foster sister get jealous?"
"What foster sister, she's just a maid to keep Ryan company when he's bored, right?"
Ryan immediately got physical.
That was the first time Ryan ever hit someone.
He ha hit someone.
He had learned some martial arts, and he beat the guy mercilessly.
In that moment, I felt like I was special to Ryan.
I was a bit smug about this.

Until.
Olivia Lee transferred to our school.


