---
layout: novel
title: "After I wrote a hit song and helped my husband get to the top, he reported me for fraud at an awards ceremony."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 932
cover_image: "/images/after-i-wrote-a-hit-song-and-helped-my-husband-get-to-the-top-he-reported-me-for-fraud-at-an-awards-ceremony-.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-07-09 22:43:13"
rating: 5.0
rating_count: 50
---



After my rebirth, I handed in my resignation, left the production department, and broke ties with the Knight family who had raised me. I became known as an ungrateful traitor.

All because, in my previous life, Chloe Davis – the supposed gifted musician and the apple of Mason Knight’s eye, the CEO’s only son – died in an accident during a signing selection.

And I married him, becoming Mrs. Knight’s daughter-in-law.

After our marriage, Mason and I worked side-by-side for twenty years, weathering every storm.

I composed hit songs, he sang them to life, and Stellar Entertainment’s entire fifty-year backlog of unsold albums became phenomenal successes under our touch.

But Mason Knight, my supposed soulmate, publicly exposed me at my own awards ceremony, accusing me of fraud and deception. 

He claimed all the key arrangements in my award-winning albums, the very ones that earned me recognition, were based on manuscripts Chloe Davis had recorded with her ‘innate musicality’ before her death.

“Scarlett Hayes, you stole the life that rightfully belonged to Chloe Davis.”

Even my own students, whom I’d personally mentored, looked at me with open disdain.

“Teacher, I never thought a top-tier producer like you would rely on plagiarism to get to the top.”

As I saw their scornful gazes, I collapsed right outside Stellar Entertainment’s doors.

Every single one of my works was rigorously investigated. 

Mason dug into my every oversight, leading to my imprisonment for plagiarism and copyright infringement.

Behind bars, I was relentlessly attacked online by inmates who held grudges against me, and I eventually took my own life out of despair.

When I opened my eyes again, I was back at Stellar Entertainment, on the day they were deciding producers for a new album.


