---
layout: novel
titleO: "After I got pregnant, my devoted husband tried to remove my organs."
title: "Pregnant & Terrified: My 'Devoted' Husband's Dark Plan to Harvest My Organs. A Chilling Psychological Thriller."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 521
cover_image: "/images/after-i-got-pregnant-my-devoted-husband-tried-to-remove-my-organs-.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-07-09 23:06:38"
rating: 4.3
rating_count: 57
---


My husband, Damon, was a man reborn. He claimed his survival hinged on the happiness of another woman, Ivy – the designated heroine of this twisted plot.

But he swore his heart belonged only to me, that he'd never betray me. *Never.*

When I learned he had only three years left to live, I mustered every ounce of courage. I wanted to have a child with him, a precious piece of our love story, a future we could hold onto.

The very day I found out I was pregnant, I was ambushed on my way home, snatched by kidnappers.

They tortured me for three days and three nights, then dragged me onto an operating table.

In my darkest, most desperate moment, I heard Damon’s voice from the doorway, mingling with the doctor’s.

“Mr. King, are you really going to harvest your wife’s organs? Everyone in our circles knows how devoted you are to her. Are you truly doing this to her?”

Damon’s voice was strained, laced with a barely concealed pain, but his words cut deeper than any knife: “Willow will be taken care of. Losing an organ won’t affect her life. But Ivy… if she loses an organ, she’ll fall gravely ill, even die. Once Willow fulfills her role in this plot, standing in for Ivy, I promise I’ll make it up to her a thousand times over!”

The words slammed into me like a physical blow, a lightning bolt of pure, devastating truth.

As the doctor walked in, I closed my eyes, consumed by despair.


