---
layout: novel
titleO: "After the richest wife killed my mother and daughter, I committed suicide. He regretted it when he learned the truth."
title: "The Richest Wife's Deadly Secret: My Mother and Daughter Vanished. When the shocking truth emerged, his world shattered. An unbelievable tale of ultimate regret and dark justice."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 52
cover_image: "/images/after-the-richest-wife-killed-my-mother-and-daughter-i-committed-suicide-he-regretted-it-when-he-learned-the-truth-.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-07-10 22:12:15"
rating: 4.1
rating_count: 4
---



My billionaire wife, who'd been pretending to be poor for seven years, ran over my mom and daughter with her Maybach. A month later, it finally dawned on her that something was off.

She asked her assistant, "After I ran over those worthless nobodies, that old woman and child, did their family not kick up a fuss about compensation?"

Marcus, her assistant, his face grim, replied in a low voice, "Madam, *you* are their family."

Seraphina looked completely lost. "What are you talking about?"

"That night, when you were drunk, you ran over the old woman and her granddaughter. 

Mr. Julian tried to stop your car, demanding answers, but you were so intoxicated you didn't recognize him. You kicked him away and just drove off."

Before Marcus even finished, Seraphina stiffened, her face draining of all color, ghostly pale.

It was then that she remembered. Back then, she’d faked bankruptcy and a severe illness, forcing our family to work day and night, spending every last penny of our savings to pay off imaginary billions in debt.

To buy her life-saving medicine, my mother and daughter worked tirelessly.

 But while working in a wealthy neighborhood, Seraphina, driving her luxury car, had plowed into them, their bodies mangled beyond recognition, instantly killed.

Numb with grief, after my mother and daughter's bodies were cremated, I received a call from my wife's assistant. His tone was like a debt collector's.

"How much do you want? Name your price!"


