---
layout: novel
titleO: "After my son got a terminal illness, my wife cheated me out of the house"
title: "The Ultimate Betrayal: My Wife Used Our Son's Terminal Illness To Con Me Out Of Our Family Home. An Unbelievable True Story of Deception."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 420
cover_image: "/images/after-my-son-got-a-terminal-illness-my-wife-cheated-me-out-of-the-house.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-07-10 22:12:22"
rating: 4.8
rating_count: 25
---


I gave up my identity as the heir to a multi-million dollar corporation, all to live a simple life with my wife.

Then, my five-year-old son collapsed at kindergarten, his nose bleeding uncontrollably. At the hospital, he was diagnosed with “Advanced Hemolytic Syndrome.”

My wife immediately demanded a divorce. She said she didn’t want our son to be a burden on me.

My heart swelled with an overwhelming sense of gratitude. I was so touched, I decided right then and there to reveal my true identity and face this challenge with her.

To save our son, I agreed to return home and inherit the family business. I wanted to negotiate with my parents to get him the best possible treatment.

My dad advised me, “You can keep your identity a secret for now. Tell her that even after the divorce, you’ll share the medical costs. Just see how your wife reacts.”

I didn't quite get it, but I did as he said.

That night, my mother-in-law, Brenda, rushed to the hospital. She started yelling, calling me a monster, and insisted I walk away with absolutely nothing.

I was just about to enter my son’s hospital room when I overheard my wife, Chloe, talking with her father, Frank.

“Don’t bother saving this dead weight. We can keep it a secret from him, though, and make him pay all the medical bills.”

Chloe chuckled, a chilling sound. “I never planned to save him. I just wanted to trick him into giving me everything in the divorce.”

“I’ve been sick of living with that poor guy for ages. A son born from such inferior genes is just as useless!”


