---
layout: novel
titleO: "Reborn for Revenge: Watching My Childhood Friend and the Principal's Daughter Fall from Grace"
title: "REBORN FOR REVENGE: Childhood Friend's Betrayal & Principal's Daughter's Downfall! The Ultimate KARMA Story."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 267
cover_image: "/images/reborn-for-revenge-watching-my-childhood-friend-and-the-principal-s-daughter-fall-from-grace.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-07-12 16:11:04"
rating: 4.4
rating_count: 22
---

I turned away after witnessing my childhood friend, drugged and burning with desire, drag the principal's daughter into the bathroom.

In my past life, I had rushed in to stop his violent act. But that only put me in danger.

By the time the police arrived, my school uniform was torn to shreds. Photos of me disheveled in the bathroom went viral online.

"So much for being the cold, top student. She's just a sl*t who can't control herself."

My reputation was ruined, and I was expelled from school.

My childhood friend married me to save his own reputation. But our marriage was my true hell.

I fell into severe depression and mental instability, losing eight pregnancies in ten years.

People gossiped that I was promiscuous, that my body was worn out from being used by too many men.

My parents, trying to make amends to my husband, poured all their efforts into supporting him.

But the first thing he did after gaining full control of my family's company was to frame my father for financial crimes.

My father died of a heart attack in prison. My mother, unable to bear such a huge blow, died in a car accident.

When I heard the news, I was devastated beyond words.

But my husband of ten years appeared before me, arm in arm with a transfer student:

"You b*tch, if you hadn't interfered back then, Lily and I would have been together long ago. She wouldn't have been forced by her parents to abort our child."

I coughed up blood and died with my eyes wide open in disbelief.

When I opened my eyes again, I had returned to the day my childhood friend was drugged.


