---
layout: novel
titleO: "After detoxifying my fiance, he threw me into a beggar's den for green plum"
title: "My Fiancé's Dark Betrayal: After I Detoxified Him, He Threw Me Into A Beggar's Den For His Childhood Sweetheart"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 70
cover_image: "/images/after-detoxifying-my-fiance-he-threw-me-into-a-beggar-s-den-for-green-plum.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-07-12 16:11:11"
rating: 4.5
rating_count: 25
---


That day, when they drugged me with the most potent aphrodisiac, I bought every single antidote on the market, desperately trying to delay the inevitable.

It wasn't until I heard the breathless moans and cries from next door, echoing nine times over, that I finally allowed myself to pass out, knowing I was safe.

In my previous life, to cure Julian Hayes’s hereditary fertility disorder, the Hayes family had sought out eighteen women, each said to possess a rare, innate allure, capable of facilitating a cure. They were all fed the most potent aphrodisiacs. Whoever could conceive a child with Julian would become the Lady of the Hayes family.

I was a siren of unparalleled allure, my very essence radiating irresistible charm, chosen at first glance.

That night, Julian, also drugged, his eyes blazing, tormented me again and again.

A month later, I was pregnant with the Hayes family heir.

But Julian suddenly threw me into a squalid alleyway, ignoring my pleas, ordering the men there to take turns humiliating me.

“Serena is already pregnant with my child! If you hadn’t interfered, she would be my wife!”

“You filthy whore, used by everyone, you think you’re fit to be Lady Hayes? You like men so much? Today, you’ll get more than enough!”

I was trapped in that squalid alleyway, my body wasting away until my insides ruptured, and I died a gruesome death.

When I opened my eyes again, I was back on the day I was drugged.

This time, no matter how their love burned or their hatred raged, it had nothing to do with me.


