---
layout: novel
titleO: "My cold boyfriend threw me into a pile of beggars and forced me to pass on my inheritance to his aunt. I passed on my disability."
title: "My Toxic Boyfriend & His Aunt Conspired To Steal My Inheritance. They Threw Me Out, But My Secret Disability Became Their ULTIMATE KARMA! Shocking Betrayal & Revenge Story."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 438
cover_image: "/images/my-cold-boyfriend-threw-me-into-a-pile-of-beggars-and-forced-me-to-pass-on-my-inheritance-to-his-aunt-i-passed-on-my-disability-.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-07-13 12:11:51"
rating: 4.3
rating_count: 87
---


Everyone in the city's elite circles knew I was Julian Thorne's ultimate favorite.

For six whole years, I was the only woman Julian Thorne allowed near him.

Rumor had it he was completely untouched, hadn't even looked at another woman, much less touched one.

My cheeks flushed at the thought.

Only I knew that Julian Thorne had kissed every inch of me on my eighteenth birthday.

“Stella, hurry up and grow up so you can marry me.”

But when my aunt and I were both kidnapped and drugged with a powerful aphrodisiac, and he had to choose just one of us...

He chose my aunt without a moment’s hesitation. He stayed with her at a hotel, indulging her every desire for what felt like nine long days and nights.

His kidnappers broke my fingers and dumped me in a derelict beggars' den. I had to disfigure my own face, ruining my stunning looks, just to protect my innocence.

When I finally escaped, Julian Thorne immediately forced me to sign over my father's entire inheritance to my aunt.

“Stella, at least you still have me. But Amber… she has absolutely nothing left.”

I stared at Amber's face, almost identical to mine, and it suddenly hit me.

All these years, I was just her replacement. A stand-in.

Six years of exclusive devotion was just a privilege he’d given to her through me.

I didn't cry or make a scene. I calmly called the formidable, reclusive heir, Liam Knight.

“Liam, I agree to marry you.”


