---
layout: novel
titleO: "When My Husband Favored His Adopted Sister, I Vanished with Our Son"
title: "My Husband Chose HER. So I Vanished With Our Son. The Heartbreaking Betrayal That Forced My Escape."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 266
cover_image: "/images/when-my-husband-favored-his-adopted-sister-i-vanished-with-our-son.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-07-13 12:11:55"
rating: 4.4
rating_count: 81
---

Zachary Shaw insisted I take care of his adopted sister Lily when she caught a cold.

I refused, so he threw our son Alex out on the street to force me to comply.

After I moved in, Alex and I were crammed into the attic, overrun with rats and mosquitoes.

Zachary meticulously listed Lily's preferences to me:

"Lily doesn't eat cilantro, so don't put any in her food. Cut hard foods into small pieces - her stomach is sensitive."

"Don't give her anything spicy, cold, or sour when she has a cold. She's good at using me as an excuse to trick people, so be careful."

I silently noted it all down, agreeing to leave once Lily recovered.

He halfheartedly agreed, but then turned around and bet Lily how long I would last.

"This obedient dog will come running back as soon as I call."

Little did he know, when I said I was leaving, I meant never coming back.

0
"Zachary, I'm leaving once she's better," I said firmly.

Zachary seemed taken aback for a moment.

After a pause, he replied impatiently, "No one's stopping you. Just don't bother Lily."

He took Lily upstairs, leaving Alex and me busy in the kitchen.

Perhaps as punishment, at lunch Zachary made me feed Lily.

I carefully followed her preferences, alternating between spoonfuls of rice and soup.

"Waaah Zach, it's so hot!" Lily cried, ducking into Zachary's arms.

Before I could react, the bowl of soup was thrown at me.

"Aria Montgomery, you knew the soup was scalding hot but still fed it to Lily. Are you trying to kill her?" Zachary snapped.

I didn't explain, but Zachary acted strangely.

"Give this bowl of soup to Alex," he ordered.

He personally ladled out a bowl and handed it to our son.

Before it could cool, Zachary had someone force it down Alex's throat.

I watched Alex's face turn red, suddenly remembering the soup contained shrimp.

"Zachary, stop! Alex is allergic to shrimp!" I cried.

He acted like he couldn't hear me, forcing bowl after bowl until Alex collapsed on the table, struggling to breathe.

I tried to take Alex to the hospital, but Zachary had his men hold me back.

"Make another batch of soup for Lily. You can leave once it's cooled down."

I knew I couldn't resist. Otherwise, my son's life would be in Zachary's hands.

I obediently made four dishes and a soup, frantically fanning it to cool it faster.

Lily waved her hand dismissively, complaining that dust had fallen in the soup.

Over and over, I made batch after batch.

She was finally satisfied and let me go.

I grabbed Alex and called an Uber outside, telling the driver to get to the hospital as fast as possible.

But we were still too late.

Alex's esophagus was severely damaged and required hospitalization.

Before I could get Alex settled, Zachary called demanding I return.

When I refused, he sent men to forcibly bring me back from the hospital.

"Lily says she wasted the soup you made, so she specially made a new batch. Don't be ungrateful."

I glanced at the still-steaming soup in the kitchen.

"What do you mean?"

Lily pulled me into the kitchen with fake sincerity.

"Sis, I was careless earlier and Alex ended up in the hospital because of me. To make up for it, I made you a special batch. You absolutely can't say Lily's cooking is bad."

She stuck out her tongue playfully, giving me no chance to refuse.

As soon as I touched the edge of the bowl, my hand jerked back.

Lily immediately put on a pitiful act, blocking Zachary's view.

Then she pushed the bowl to the floor.

"Ow! It hurts, Zach..."

Before I could react, Zachary shoved me to the ground.

"Aria Montgomery, what did you do to Lily?"

I didn't see any injuries on Lily, if only Zachary had looked closer.

But he didn't.

My palm was embedded with shards, instantly staining the tiles red.

I looked up to see Zachary already carrying Lily upstairs.

Nestled in his arms, Lily flashed a smug smile.

0
