---
layout: novel
titleO: "When My Secretary Stole My Daughter's Island, I Went on a Rampage"
title: "My Secretary Stole My Daughter's Private Island: You Won't BELIEVE My CEO Rampage & ALPHA Revenge!"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 721
cover_image: "/images/when-my-secretary-stole-my-daughter-s-island-i-went-on-a-rampage.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-07-18 22:27:28"
rating: 4.4
rating_count: 32
---

The private island I gifted my daughter for her graduation was brazenly used by my wife's male secretary to host a scandalous party.

Ryan Thompson, my wife's secretary, was covered in suspicious marks as he forcefully tried to make my daughter Emma play strip poker with him.

I landed a solid punch on his face and ordered him off the island.

But he had his bodyguards pin me to the ground. He then pressed his filthy foot onto my face, grinding it down.

"Your wife gave me this island, you kept man. You have no right to tell me to leave," he sneered.

"This is all courtesy of your wife. Why don't you lick my foot clean? Then have your daughter entertain us properly, and I might spare your miserable life."

As I watched him lunge towards Emma, my expression darkened completely. I pressed the panic button on my smartwatch.

"If you dare touch my daughter," I growled, "you'll pay for it with your life!"

0
Halfway through my daughter's coming-of-age party, the doors burst open. A drunken man stumbled in, followed by over a dozen burly bodyguards. His eyes locked onto the nearest girl, and he ordered his men to drag her over. As his hand reached for her chest, I stepped in, furious.

I shoved him away with my shoulder and shouted at the security outside, "What are you doing? Get this man out of here now!"

The drunk steadied himself and puffed out his chest. "Do you know who I am, kid? I'm Olivia's chief secretary, Derek Chen. You should be bowing and calling me Mr. Chen!"

He jabbed a finger at the ground. "I run this place in Sullivan Industries. This island? Olivia bought it for my birthday celebration!"

His bodyguards jeered, "Better show some respect, boy. If you make Mr. Chen happy, you'll be set for life!"

I felt sick to my stomach. Over the years, I'd heard rumors that my wife Olivia was keeping a lover. But I'd been too focused on helping our daughter Emily overcome her severe PTSD to pay much attention. I'd turned a blind eye to Olivia's indiscretions.

I grabbed Derek by the collar and lifted him off the ground. "Listen here. I'm the majority shareholder of Sullivan Industries. If you don't want to die in international waters, take your trash and get off my island. Now."

Derek froze for a moment, then burst into mocking laughter.

"Oh my, if it isn't Olivia's useless stay-at-home husband in the flesh!" He called out to his men, "Look here, boys! This is the loser Olivia keeps around to do the laundry and look after the kid. She's been done with him for years and he doesn't even know it!"

The bodyguards roared with laughter.

Derek looked me up and down with disdain. "Get on your knees and beg, and I might let you live."

I stared at him coldly and pulled out my phone. "Luke, bring extra security to the ballroom."

Before I could finish, several bodyguards pinned me down. Derek snatched my phone and tossed it into a champagne bucket.

I let out a cold laugh. "You can't afford to replace that, boy. Your life is hanging by a thread now."

Derek grinned wickedly. "Can't afford it? A nobody like you? Olivia would give me the whole company if I asked!"

"I'm trying to teach you a lesson here, for your own good. You should be thanking me on your knees!"

The pressure holding me down suddenly increased. As I gritted my teeth to fight back, Derek's eyes raked over me lecherously. Without warning, he delivered a vicious kick between my legs.

Blinding pain shot through me. My face went pale as I lost all strength.

Derek cackled. "Useless piece of trash. Might as well castrate you and feed you to the dogs!"

"You're just a kept man. Go back to doing the laundry and changing diapers instead of playing businessman."

"Calling for your assistant? As if you have the right!"

"I'll cripple you today, and Olivia will praise me for it."

0
