---
layout: novel
titleO: "The Translator's Wife Regrets Divorce Just as the Cooling-off Period Ends While Accompanying His Assistant to Meet the Parents"
title: "SHOCKING Regret! Ex-Wife's Heartbreak as Divorce Cooling-Off Period Ends While She Sees Her Ex-Husband Meet Parents With His Assistant!"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 30
cover_image: "/images/the-translator-s-wife-regrets-divorce-just-as-the-cooling-off-period-ends-while-accompanying-his-assistant-to-meet-the-parents.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-07-20 21:21:04"
rating: 4.4
rating_count: 60
---

After Being Cheated On 100 Times, The Translator Wife Finally Realizes Something's Wrong

Adrian couldn't believe his eyes as he stared at the SnapChat message from his wife, Olivia.

"I pretended to be William's girlfriend when we visited his parents. Does Simon know? He didn't make a fuss?"

Adrian's fingers hovered over the keyboard, unsure how to respond. Just then, a call came in from his manager.

"Mr. Quinn, did you forget? You signed Olivia's resignation letter yourself. When she left, she also left behind divorce papers."

Adrian's face turned pale as he suddenly remembered that incident when Olivia had gone to the countryside with her male intern without telling him.

On Olivia's Instagram, the usually cold and professional translator was now showing off her linguistic talents in 18 languages, clearly trying to impress William's relatives.

The caption read: "My translator wife helped me impress the elders!"

Adrian couldn't help but leave a sarcastic comment: "How professional of you."

Seconds later, Olivia called, her voice sharp with anger:

"Who told you to leave such a comment? How is William supposed to face his colleagues now?"

"He was being looked down on back home, so as his boss, it's normal for me to help him save face. If you keep making a scene and embarrassing me, we might as well get divorced!"

Adrian laughed coldly and hung up. As if he cared about staying married to her anymore.

He glanced at the calendar. In two days, the divorce cooling-off period would be over.


