---
layout: novel
titleO: "Werewolf vs. Kitsune: My Second Chance at Forbidden Love"
title: "Enemies to Lovers? Werewolf vs. Kitsune: Can Their Ancient Feud Survive a Second Chance at Forbidden Love? Dive into This Gripping Paranormal Romance Novel!"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 29
cover_image: "/images/werewolf-vs-kitsune-my-second-chance-at-forbidden-love.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-07-22 22:20:42"
rating: 4.5
rating_count: 41
---

In my previous life, I gave my heart and soul to Noah, the little fox. But he hated me for separating him from the little rabbit, and pushed me off a cliff.

Given a second chance, I no longer trust beast-men. I only want to tame them.

So when I face Lucas the wolf, I put away all kindness. I only test and punish him repeatedly.

Until I tire of this game, but he tries to overstep his bounds and become my bedmate.

Hah, it's not so easy to share my bed.

0
A row of beast-men knelt before me, iron chains around their necks.

My sister and I sat on either side.

She looked down arrogantly and laughed, "Little sister, you choose first."

I scanned the row of beast-men, my gaze lingering on a pitiful-looking little rabbit.

Immediately, an intense, hateful gaze shot towards me.

I smirked and moved my gaze away, landing on the owner of that gaze.

Then, under his anxious, pleading look, I pointed to the beast-man on the far left.

"I'll take that one."

The little fox visibly relaxed. I lowered my head and smiled faintly.

In my previous life, I had chosen that little fox.

My sister laughed, "I thought you'd pick the fox."

I shook my head, and my sister ended up choosing the little rabbit.

In my previous life, I chose the fox and my sister chose the rabbit, which is why the little fox hated me for separating him from the rabbit.

Even though I nursed him back to health, took him traveling all over the country, and treated him extremely well, it still didn't erase the hatred in his heart.

I still remember when I took him mountain climbing, the twisted expression on his face as he pushed me off the cliff.

He said: "It's all your fault. If it wasn't for you, the eldest miss would have taken me too, and I wouldn't have been separated from the little rabbit. You really deserve to die."

Hah, given a second chance, I chose to let them be together.

0
