---
layout: novel
titleO: "After My Boyfriend's Death and False Accusations, I Went on a Killing Spree"
title: "Psychological Thriller: My Unstoppable Descent – When False Accusations & Grief Unleashed a Dark Quest for Revenge"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 284
cover_image: "/images/after-my-boyfriend-s-death-and-false-accusations-i-went-on-a-killing-spree.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-07-22 22:20:43"
rating: 4.3
rating_count: 18
---

The Boy Who Loved Me Most in the World is Dead

Ethan was a police officer. He was stabbed seven times while trying to save a girl from domestic violence.

Afterwards, the girl tearfully claimed that Ethan had molested her, which is why her boyfriend stabbed him.

The culprit was released without charges due to an insanity plea.

As I looked at their faces, I suddenly smiled.

An insanity plea, huh?

What a coincidence. I have one of those too.

0
Ethan was dead.

When the nurse told me this news, she watched my face carefully.

But I showed no expression, just fiddling with the doll in my hands. "What does that mean?" I asked.

She said it meant Ethan would never come visit me again.

I paused, then smiled and said, "That's good."

I had grown tired of Ethan anyway.

Tired of how handsome he looked in his police uniform, making me feel even more sickly and ugly in comparison.

Tired.

Tired of him always cooking delicious meals, making me gain weight.

And tired of him always holding his guitar, singing off-key songs to me.

It's better if he never comes again. Someone like me with mental illness shouldn't be loved by anyone anyway.

On the days without Ethan, I ate alone, listened to music alone, took walks alone.

But for some reason, my chest always hurt terribly, so much that I couldn't sleep.

So one night I snuck into the director's office.

He was busy kissing a nurse and got startled.

But I didn't care. I pointed at my heart and said, "I feel awful. Fix me quickly."

After hearing my symptoms, the director sighed and said:

"I'll take you to see Ethan one last time."

0
