---
layout: novel
titleO: "The Twins I Risked My Life For Weren't Even Mine"
title: "Exposed: The Ultimate Betrayal! I Risked My Life For Twins... But A DNA Test Revealed They Weren't Mine."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 880
cover_image: "/images/the-twins-i-risked-my-life-for-weren-t-even-mine.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-07-23 22:02:06"
rating: 4.6
rating_count: 34
---

After three years of marriage without getting pregnant, I finally conceived twins through IVF after eight attempts.

But just three months into the pregnancy, I was diagnosed with a rare disease that threatened my life.

The doctor suggested I terminate the pregnancy to start treatment as soon as possible, but my husband Lucas flatly refused.

"Chloe, you've been through so much to conceive them. I can't bear to let all your efforts go to waste. I'll bring in the top specialist, Dr. Mitchell, to oversee your case. He'll make sure you and the babies stay safe, and you'll be able to watch them grow up."

I agreed with his decision, thinking that if I really died, at least the children would be there to keep him company.

But when I was six months pregnant, I accidentally overheard a conversation between Lucas and his brothers.

"As expected of our bro Lucas, to come up with the idea of having Chloe be a surrogate for Olivia!"

Lucas replied casually, "Well, Olivia suddenly returned to the Jiang family. Otherwise, I would have married her. Since Chloe took her place, she might as well do something useful."

"Aren't you worried she might not survive the surgery, given her condition?"

Lucas kissed Olivia beside him and said nonchalantly, "I've already invited Dr. Mitchell. Nothing will go wrong. As long as she behaves, considering she's having children for Olivia, I don't mind letting her keep the title of Mrs. Lin."

I listened with a chill running down my spine, my whole body trembling.

So, the children I was desperately trying to bring into this world weren't even mine.

0
