---
layout: novel
titleO: "My reborn husband fell in love with a pole dancer. After I died, he regretted it crazy."
title: "My 'Reborn' Husband's SHOCKING Betrayal with a Pole Dancer. My Death. His Unbearable Regret."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 883
cover_image: "/images/my-reborn-husband-fell-in-love-with-a-pole-dancer-after-i-died-he-regretted-it-crazy-.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-07-25 22:08:07"
rating: 4.0
rating_count: 54
---


I was born with a fiery passion, sometimes needing to release it three times a day.

But our marriage was a business arrangement.

So even when it came to *satisfying* me, Dax would only symbolically use toys. His movements were precise, devoid of warmth, never a personal touch.

Every time we finished, he'd politely ask, "Are you done?"

As if it were a chore completely unrelated to him.

But after my unexpected death, I saw this man I’d always shunned like the plague go utterly insane for me.

He was like a silent, lone wolf, personally eliminating everyone who had harmed me, both openly and secretly.

He kissed my stiff forehead, his voice humbled to dust:

"Elara, if there's a next life, please love me properly, just once, okay?"

He held my cold body, then detonated explosives, taking down my enemies with him.

The moment his soul scattered, I finally saw all the hidden depth of his love, beneath that icy facade.

When I opened my eyes again, I found myself reborn to the first year of our marriage.

Overwhelmed with joy, tears blurred my vision.

This time, I swore to love him properly.

But he was a changed man. He was obsessed with Seraphina, the pole dancer from the club, going completely wild for her.

He even wanted to harvest my heart and liver, to concoct medicine for her.

I yelled, my voice raw, "You loved me so much in the last life! Why suddenly not anymore?"

In my past life, he clearly loved me to his core, loving me enough to be utterly destroyed just for a chance at my love in the next.

How could this be?

He turned back, his voice chillingly cold: "It was just an arranged marriage. When did I ever love you?"

Utterly disheartened, I called my parents.

"I want to divorce this heartless man."


