---
layout: novel
titleO: "My Wife Wanted My Eyes for Her Foster Brother, So I Gave Her My Body Instead"
title: "My Wife's SHOCKING Request: She Demanded My EYES for Her Foster Brother! What I Gave Her Instead Will Leave You SPEECHLESS. This Unbelievable Story of Sacrifice & Betrayal Has a Dark TWIST. #Storytime #Betrayal #CrazyStory"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 543
cover_image: "/images/my-wife-wanted-my-eyes-for-her-foster-brother-so-i-gave-her-my-body-instead.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-07-27 20:21:46"
rating: 4.2
rating_count: 92
---

The night before my crucial athletic scholarship tryout, a gang broke into the stadium. They beat me and humiliated me. The next day, my ex-girlfriend, Amber, spread rumors all over social media, claiming I cheated and was only after my family's money.

Back in our quiet town, my parents were suffocated by the whispers and rumors. Overwhelmed by the crushing despair, they tragically took their own lives.

I promptly broke up with Amber and reported everything to the police, armed with evidence.

The hospital report came back: my spine was damaged, making it impossible for me to stand for long periods, let alone run long distances.

My appeals were rejected, one after another.

That's when Eleanor Vance, a powerhouse attorney, found me. She fought my case day and night.

The day we won, she proposed to me.

We were together for three years. My legs were useless, and I relied on a wheelchair, but she never left my side.

Until today. I wheeled myself to her office to pick her up, only to overhear her tenderly coaxing her foster brother:

“You said you envied his running skills? Well, he can’t run anymore.”

“You admired his tall, strong build? I tampered with his medical records, making it seem like his leg nerves were damaged, so he'd be forever dependent on a wheelchair.”

“Now you’re saying you envy his amber eyes? I can’t exactly gouge them out and make amber cufflinks for you, can I?”


