---
layout: novel
titleO: "My Best Friend's Love Transfer System"
title: "My Best Friend's Secret 'Love Transfer System' EXPOSED: How It Stole My Crush & Ruined Everything! (Storytime)"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 441
cover_image: "/images/my-best-friend-s-love-transfer-system.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-07-28 22:10:06"
rating: 4.3
rating_count: 83
---

The first thing I did after my rebirth was to dump my devoted boyfriend and immediately accept the pursuit of the obsessive guy.

Why? Because in my previous life, my best friend Emma had bound an app that could transfer all my boyfriend's love for me to herself.

The 999 golden roses he prepared for me ended up in her arms.

The hotel he bought for me was registered under her name.

His gaze towards me changed from passionate to cold and distant, yet when he turned to look at her, it was filled with the tenderness I once knew so well.

When I cried and asked him why he had changed, he looked at me with disgust.

"We broke up long ago. Stop harassing my girlfriend!"

On my birthday, Emma livestreamed, showing off the entire amusement park my ex-boyfriend had rented for her, with fireworks blazing behind her.

As for me, they joined forces to send me to a mental hospital.

They said I was a madwoman who couldn't accept rejection. I died in despair amidst endless electroshock therapy and drug injections.

When I opened my eyes again, I was reborn.

This time, I didn't invest an ounce of true feelings in my ex-boyfriend. Instead, I played along with the obsessive guy's pursuit.

When Emma opened the app again to absorb all of the obsessive guy's overwhelming love, I smiled.

I wanted to see if she could handle it.


