---
layout: novel
titleO: "Love Scatters, Hearts Break"
title: "Love Scatters, Hearts Break"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 286
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-19 14:37:59"
rating: 4
rating_count: 16
---

Chapter 1
"Are you sure you want to change your name, Ms. Anderson? Once you do, you'll have to update all your important documents, including your academic credentials, passport, and social security number."

"I'm sure," Emily Anderson replied with a nod.

The clerk continued his attempt to dissuade her. "It's quite a hassle to legally change your name as an adult. You have a beautiful name. Are you sure you don't want to reconsider?"

"That won't be necessary," Emily replied before signing the consent form for the name change. "Please proceed with the change."

"Alright then. You want your new name to be… Aria Skye, right?"

"That's correct."

Like a melody drifting through the air, Emily desired to roam freely in the sky and go wherever the wind took her. That was the goal she set for herself. She was going to leave Honshire for good.

"Can I get my passport updated now?" Emily queried.

"Yes, you can. This document confirms that your name has been legally changed. Take this to the counter at the county clerk's office downstairs, and you can apply for your new passport."

Emily swiftly completed the procedure to update her passport, but she didn't bother to change anything else. After all, she was leaving the country with the help of her new passport in a week. Since she no longer needed her old identity, she was leaving it all behind.

She stepped out of the county clerk's office with her new passport. Across the street was a towering building—a landmark of Honshire. The large screen plastered outside the building was currently airing an interview with Samuel Porter, the CEO of Prestige Group.

Having noticed Samuel's fidgeting, the interviewer remarked with a smile, "Mr. Porter, I see that you have a habit of rubbing that ring you're wearing, but it looks like an ordinary silver ring. Is there something special about it?"

With a gentle smile, Samuel raised his hand to show the interviewer his ring. "This is my wedding ring."

"Oh? I do apologize. I assumed that a man of your wealth and standing would surely choose a far more expensive-looking ring, perhaps even one adorned with diamonds."

"I made my wedding ring myself," Samuel explained. "I shaped and polished every bit of it myself. I even carved both my wife's and my initials on the inside."

"Oh! I can see two sets of initials—SP and…"

"EA," Samuel added. "My wife's name is Emily Anderson."

"Oh, my! I can't help but envy your wife," the interviewer said. "How blessed she must be that she got to marry you, Mr. Porter."

"I'm the one who's blessed for being able to marry her," Samuel replied.

All of the passersby seemed to exclaim in envy, but Emily herself merely let out a scornful laugh.

She and Samuel had indeed been in love once. They started dating during their schooling days, and it had been 15 years since. In the eyes of all their old classmates and teachers, they were the most loving couple.

But two months ago, Emily received a photo from a woman she didn't know. The young woman, who seemed to be in her early 20s, was wearing a sexy lace nightgown. A trail of hickey led from her neck down to her chest.

It was obvious that she had just done the deed with someone.

Facing the camera, the woman held her fingers up in a victory sign. A silver ring on her index finger, but it looked a little big on her. It probably belonged to a man. On the inside of the ring were two sets of initials, SP and EA.

Later on, Emily met that woman in Samuel's office. Her name was Jessica Lewis. She was 21 years old, a recent college graduate, and Samuel's newly hired personal assistant.

At the time, Emily was rather stunned. She was sorely tempted to barge right into Samuel's office and question him, "Just how personal of an assistant is she? Do her responsibilities include attending to your sexual needs?"

But in the end, she decided against that. The photo of a hickey-covered Jessica was all the answer she needed.

While the onlookers continued to gasp in awe over Samuel's interview, Emily walked off and headed to a jewelry studio. Her heart squeezed in pain as she took off the ring on her ring finger.

"How may we be of service, miss?"

"Please melt down this ring for me," Emily said.

"I see a pair of initials carved into the ring. I'm sure this ring holds some kind of sentimental value. Are you sure you want to get it melted down?" the studio employee checked.

"Yes, and quickly, please."

Half an hour later, Emily went home with an exquisitely packaged jewelry box.

…

It was past 10:00 pm when Samuel got back home with a flower bouquet. "I'm so sorry, Emmy. I've been so busy at work lately that I haven't been able to spend any time with you. I brought you a bunch of your favorite freesias. Do you like them?"

As he leaned in, Emily caught the scent of a woman's perfume. She looked over and spotted the bite mark on his Adam's apple, as well as a lipstick mark on his collar. It was bright red and impossible to miss.

Emily sneered. Had he been busy working or busy getting it on with Jessica?

"Why aren't you saying anything?" Samuel asked.

Emily pushed him away, saying, "I'm tired."

"Shall I carry you to bed then?" Samuel said as he leaned down to scoop her up in his arms.

However, Emily pushed him away once more and said, "You must be tired too. Take a shower and get some rest."

After reaching out to take her hand, Samuel abruptly spotted something. "Where's your wedding ring, Emmy?"
