---
layout: novel
titleO: "Rejected? My Alpha's Been Waiting"
title: "Rejected? My Alpha's Been Waiting"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 98
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-19 15:09:05"
rating: 4
rating_count: 35
---

Chapter 1
At the ceremony where I became Alpha Jeremy Wilkin's mate, his Omega childhood friend sent a message that she was carrying his pup.

Without hesitation, Jeremy dumped me and brought her back home. 

Not long after, I saw his childhood friend, Rebecca Larsen, post an intimate photo of them in our marital home. 

Right afterward, Jeremy sent me a message, "Rebecca is pregnant, and her morning sickness has been severe. I need to take care of her.

"She wants to raise the pup herself, but life is already tough for her as an Omega. I can't bear to watch her give up on this innocent pup.

"Don't you also want a pup? Once the pup is born, you can raise it as your own as a Luna."

Before I could reply, he sent another message, "As for our mating ceremony, it can only be postponed to after Rebecca gives birth to her child."

As I read his message, I felt a sense of bitterness in my chest. Did he really think the daughter of the most powerful werewolf pack's Alpha couldn't live without him?

Immediately, I dialed Alpha Hayden Meyer's number. "I'm missing a partner for the mating ceremony. Would you like to take the spot?"

While staring at the statue of the Moon Goddess, I was in pain as I replied to Jeremy's text, "Do you know what you're talking about? You cheated, delayed our ceremony, and now you want me to raise your bastard pup with that she-wolf. 

"Is your heart made out of stone? Who do you think I am to treat me like this?"

I received a call from him after sending the message. "Shirley Gibson, are you mad? Who are you calling a bastard? That's my pup, and it'll soon be yours. How can I entrust the child to you with that attitude of yours?

"Don't forget that you're my Luna. It's your responsibility to raise my pup!"

I was practically shaking with anger. Just as I was about to shoot back, I heard Rebecca's tearful voice. "Luna, I know it's all my fault that you guys are fighting. I'm so sorry. I'm just a lowly Omega, so I'm not worthy of his love despite being his fated mate. However, the pup did nothing wrong.

"This is Jeremy's pup. They should have the chance to see all that life has to offer. If it's me that you can't stand, I'll gladly disappear after the pup is born. This way, you three can live your happy little life together."

My wolf, Diane, could no longer hold back. "Rebecca is truly vicious! She pretends to apologize, but every word of hers is dripping with accusation. She's just mocking us for being cold-hearted and forcing us to accept the bastard pup of hers. How shameless!"

Deep inside, I knew that it was the truth. However, Jeremy didn't share the same opinion.

"Shirley, I never knew you were such a vicious woman. You weren't there when I went into heat under the full moon. Rebecca only got pregnant because she helped me.

"It's not her fault. I already explained it to you. What else do you want me to do? I'm ordering you to apologize to her. If anything happens to her, I won't forgive you!"

I pressed a hand against my chest when I heard the line go dead. The sharp ache in my chest caused me to crouch down and try to ease the stabbing pain. 

Suddenly, a pair of hands caught me. Through my blurry vision, I saw that it was Hayden. He seemed to have run his way here from how ragged his breathing was.

He gazed at my tear-filled eyes before lowering his gaze. "Shirley, you can still back out. If—"

"No ifs," I interrupted him. After wiping away my tears, I stood up. "Once I decide on something, I never regret it."

Hayden immediately dropped his usual careless demeanor. With a solemn expression, he walked beside me to the altar and stood before the Moon Goddess.

"I, Alpha Hayden Meyer, ask Shirley Gibson to become my mate."

"I, Shirley Gibson, accept your invitation, Hayden Meyer."

The ceremony was brief and lasted no more than a few minutes. Yet, Jeremy wasn't even willing to spare me this effort. 

When it was over, Hayden looked over at me possessively. Suddenly, he sank his teeth into my neck.

I asked instinctively, "What are you doing?"

Hayden narrowed his eyes slyly. "I'm leaving my mark, of course!"

Once werewolves had chosen each other in the pack, the male werewolf would bite the she-wolf on the nape to mark her. After the mark, the bond between mates would grow stronger, making their connection even closer than before.

In the very next moment, I heard Louis—his wolf—excitedly calling out, "We abandoned the pack's negotiations just to hurry here and make you our mate. At least, it's finally done now!"

When I heard that, a wave of warmth and distress washed over me.

Hayden looked over to me. "Now that you're the Eclipse pack's Luna, you should come back with me to meet the other werewolves."

After thinking for a moment, I replied with a frown, "I plan on heading home first. I still have some of my belongings I need to take along."

"Let me send you off then," Hayden offered.

However, I shook my head decisively. I told him to head back to the Eclipse pack first, and that I would follow later.

After all, I was heading back to the marital home I shared with Jeremy. I was scared that Hayden would feel upset.

Just then, Hayden also received an urgent call and needed to leave.

I hailed a cab and rushed home. This house had been carefully chosen by Jeremy and me. Thus, not only was it located conveniently, but the surroundings were just as lovely. 

However, I didn't expect to run into Jeremy stepping out of the bedroom as soon as I went inside.

He let out a snort. "So, you do remember you have a home? Rebecca is already asleep. Once she's awake, you can apologize to her. Because of you, she didn't even eat much."

I stared at him for a few seconds before taking a deep breath. "Jeremy, let's end this. I'm here to pack my belongings."

When I moved toward the bedroom, he blocked my way. He shoved me angrily and said, "Are you done causing trouble? Have I been spoiling you too much?

"We've already sworn before the Moon Goddess, and we're only lacking the ceremony. Do you want to break the vow now? Who do you take the Moon Goddess for to defy her?"

I sneered. "How can you say that I'm the one breaking the vow? You were the one who wasn't satisfied with the mate chosen for you by the Moon Goddess and chose me instead. Now, is that how you show respect to the Moon Goddess? By cheating on your mate and siring another she-wolf's pup?"

Jeremy pointed at me shakily, too furious to fight back.

Suddenly, the bedroom door creaked open. Rebecca stood there timidly. "Jeremy, don't fight because of me. It's only normal that the Luna doesn't like me. I'll leave now."

After saying that, she turned and ran toward the door.

Jeremy shot me a vicious glare and went after her. He scooped her up in his arms, his expression full of concern.

"This is my house, so I have the right to decide on who goes or stays. You should stay here and rest for the pup's sake. No one's going to change that."

After letting out a bitter laugh, I decided to give up on my belongings and turned to leave. Suddenly, a sharp pain pierced the back of my head, and I fell unconscious. 


Chapter 2
When I came around, the first thing I saw was the ceiling of our master bedroom. 

I rubbed the back of my aching head, the pain making me wince as anger surged in my chest. That jerk actually struck me, knocked me out, and didn't even bother to tend to me afterward.

My wolf, Diane, was practically fuming.

"How dare Jeremy plan on making us his Luna after having a pup with another she-wolf? He's going too far! We can't just let this slide. Who does he think he is to treat us this way? The Lunaris pack hasn't fallen so low that a lesser pack can trample over us!" she said with a snarl.

A smile tugged at my lips. Diane wasn't wrong. 

While Jeremy came from a lesser-known pack, my father, Zachary Gibson, ruled the prestigious and centuries-old Lunaris pack.

This was no longer my house either. As I had already become Hayden's Luna, I didn't want to spend a second longer in here.

When I opened the door, I saw Jeremy and Rebecca inside the dining room. The duo looked like a married couple, laughing happily and completely ignoring my existence.

The warm lighting in the dining room made the scene even more cozy. They were even holding hands while sitting close to each other.

Jeremy would serve her food and spoonfeed her, asking gently if she liked it. I once believed I was the only one who ever saw his gentle side.

However, I thought back and realized I had never received this kind of treatment before. Since we got together, I had always been the one to cook for him. At most, he would only compliment my cooking. 

While it seemed like he had showered me with affection, he had never put in any effort for me. 

Jeremy had always told me he wanted to become the Alpha of the strongest pack. Thus, he had plenty of things on his plate. 

He had even given me the perfect excuse. "Your father is the Alpha of the strongest pack. I can't be any less than that and cause you to suffer. I must work harder now to give you a better life. This way, you'll feel proud of me."

Now, Jeremy got another Omega to become with pup and cast me aside. Yet, he blamed me for being childish and making a scene. 

As I looked at him now, I couldn't help but regret how blind I had once been.

When Jeremy turned his head, the smile on his face froze.

Rebecca also looked over and greeted me warmly, "Luna, you're awake. Come and eat. Jeremy's quite a good cook."

A sneer curled on my lips. Jeremy was able to break his so-called principles for another Omega. It turned out his precious hands could cook for someone else, and spare some time from his busy schedule for the said she-wolf.

I ignored her and walked toward the dining table. I said calmly, "Jeremy, let's end this." 

Jeremy paused for a moment before sneering. "Shirley, have you forgotten how I've treated you these past few years?

"I did something wrong, sure. However, who doesn't? Every wolf makes mistakes. Haven't I forgiven and tolerated yours before? Must you really be so unforgiving?"

I stayed silent. So, in his eyes, having a pup with someone else was no different than me breaking a bowl or burning a soup.

When he saw the resolve in my expression, his patience ran out. "Fine. You want to leave? Go ahead! Don't come crawling back when you regret it!

"You still owe Rebecca an apology, though. Didn't you hear what she said just now?"

I stared at him in disbelief as his words landed like a heavy blow to my head. Jeremy never missed a chance to remind me what kind of person he truly was.

I sneered. "What do you want me to say? Thank her for bearing my mate's pup and sparing me the pain of motherhood? Or should I scream and claw at her, slap her, and call her a whore before kicking her out?"

When Jeremy heard my words, his expression turned grim. 


Chapter 3
Rebecca's sobs rang out in the room. "I know the Luna has always been displeased with me. She thought I snatched her Alpha and ruined her family.

"It's fine. Since Jeremy has already arranged for me to go to the hospital, I'll leave right now. I don't want to be a nuisance to you all."

After saying that, Rebecca walked a few steps away. Before she even got far, she slowly dropped to the ground and moaned in pain.

"My stomach! I'm so sorry, pup. I want the best for you, too. However, I did something wrong and don't deserve to be loved. However, I will definitely make sure you come into this world safe and sound."

As she spoke, she suddenly started to retch violently.

Meanwhile, Jeremy had already rushed to her side. He scooped her in his arms and ran out the door. 

While doing so, he didn't forget to warn me, "Stay home and think about what you've done. Fix that temper of yours, or you can forget about becoming my Luna!

"If you want to become the Luna of the strongest pack, you'd better learn to control yourself. Also, accept Rebecca and her pup and learn to take care of them!"

Before Jeremy stepped out, Rebecca looked at me with a smug expression.

Diane was absolutely fuming. "That she-wolf is scheming, manipulative, and always trying to pit you against him. Don't even get me started on Jeremy. If not for your dad's sake, he'd be nothing! He turns our love for him against us. I had had enough!" 

I truly had had enough. After I was no longer blinded by love, I realized that Jeremy was nothing special.

After packing up my belongings, I turned to leave. On the way home, I sent a message to Hayden, letting him know I had returned to the Lunaris pack.

I was his Luna now, and I even promised to return to his pack with him. Now that I was breaking his promise, I should at least let him know about it. 

Hayden's background was quite noisy when he first picked up. However, he promptly stepped aside to take the call. "Shirley, go home and rest. I'll wrap things up today, and we'll go pick out your ring and gown tomorrow."

I agreed. As we were childhood friends, I knew that Hayden had always been dependable. He had pursued me for five years, only to be turned away because I fell in love with Jeremy. 

Yet, fate ultimately brought us together. My fingers brushed the mark on the back of my neck, which was no longer as numb as before. 

Even Diane seemed calmer than before. "Hayden has always treated us well since we were young. He gave us the best of everything and even protects us. He is our true mate, and even the Moon Goddess has affirmed it."

I nodded in agreement. 

When I returned to the Lunaris pack, I received a message that included a recording. I heard Rebecca's voice as soon as I clicked on it.

"Jeremy, the Luna grew up with the world at her feet. How could someone like her ever bring herself to apologize to a low-born wolf like me?

"Stop forcing her when we head back. I don't want you guys to keep fighting because of me. It'll make me feel guilty." 

Jeremy's voice came through after a while. He sighed and replied in a tender voice, "Rebecca, you're way too kind. It's no wonder they always treat you as a pushover.

"You have nothing to do with this. I was planning to tame Shirley's temper anyway. Otherwise, how can she become the Luna of a pack?

"She's so spoiled that she's accustomed to having everything revolve around her. Given the chance, I wouldn't have chosen her—but that wasn't my call."

Rebecca asked in confusion, "Why so?"

I held my breath as I waited for his reply.

There was a long silence before Jeremy answered, "The Lunaris pack has a long-standing history, and they are the backbone of the other werewolves. I can only become the strongest Alpha with their help.

"Plus, if I marry Shirley, I might even have the chance to take over the Lunaris pack with his father's help."

I closed my eyes, trying to stop my tears from falling. It turned out Jeremy had a motive for his kindness.

Thankfully, I had cut him out of my life in time. From now on, we would be going our separate ways. 


Chapter 4
Not long after, I received a message with a voice recording. 

The soft rustle of clothing filled the line, followed by Jeremy's uneven breaths. 

I knew what this sound was all too well. After all, this was the last thing I heard before going to sleep on most nights. Plus, with the faint slippery sounds, it went without saying what they were doing. 

A few minutes later, Jeremy's breathing grew heavier as he said, "Rebecca, if it weren't for my pack and for the responsibilities I carry, I'd spend my whole life with you.

"However, my position doesn't allow such freedom. I can only ask you to bear with it."

Rebecca's voice was practically dripping with honey. "Jeremy, I don't mind. If it weren't for your sudden heat, you and I might never have had the chance to get together. In a way, I already feel grateful.

"I do feel sorry for the Luna, but I can't hold back my feelings for you. I'll make it up to her in the future."

Jeremy said in a hardened tone, "You're already suffering enough by carrying my pup before we become mates. I can't make you suffer more.

"Shirley is too willful. Once I've straightened her out, I'll make her take care of you and the pup. Otherwise, I won't feel at ease."

Every single word rang crystal clear in my ears. It felt like a knife had pierced straight toward my heart and twisted cruelly.

Tears blurred my vision, and I buried myself under the blanket. I barely slept that night.

In my dreams, Jeremy swore to the Moon Goddess that he would love me for life. In the next moment, he grabbed my throat and threatened to take my life if I didn't take care of Rebecca. 

By dawn, I sat up in bed as I was unable to fall asleep. A few minutes later, I received a phone call from Hayden.

I could tell that he seemed excited. "Shirley, did you sleep well? I'm already at the gate of your pack. Would you like to come out?"

I was jolted awake and glanced at the time. It was only six in the morning—neither the ring shop nor the bridal boutique was even open yet.

Diane was thrilled. "It's so obvious whether one loves us or not. One wakes up at dawn just to see you, while the other literally just abandons you."

Naturally, I could feel it too. 

A warmth rose in my chest. Before I could reply, I heard him talking again. "My beloved Luna, would you honor me by coming out for a walk at your future pack?"

I rubbed my temples when I heard his nickname for me. 

It was only then that I remembered we had already completed our mating ceremony. We were now officially recognized by the Moon Goddess as mates.

The mark on my neck seemed to have sensed Hayden's presence and faintly heated up. When I touched it and found it to be smooth, I realized it had already healed overnight.

A few minutes later, Hayden's breathing grew hurried on the other end. "Shirley, you haven't regretted, right?"

His tone seemed tense and distressed. "Shirley, you can't do this to me. We have already completed the ceremony under the Moon Goddess.

"We've been together for less than a day. Are you going to dump me so quickly? I can't believe how pitiful I am. I got dumped by my mate after exhausting myself for the pack's affairs."

He continued to sob, "Where is my Luna?"

I couldn't help but let out a small sigh. I knew he was being deliberately dramatic to ease my awkwardness and make me laugh.

I spoke gently. "No, I didn't regret it."

Laughter bloomed on the other end immediately.

…

Half an hour later, I met up with Hayden and headed to the Eclipse pack. This was the first time I was visiting his pack. 

The Eclipse pack was newly established. Despite being less than ten years old since its founding, it was quite an achievement that they were already one of the top five packs.

Along the way, all the she-wolves and werewolves across different ranks would greet me, "Luna."

By the time we reached the house, my head was filled with an endless chorus of Lunas.

Hayden looked at me with a teasing grin. "Shirley, you’ll have to get used to this. From now on, you're the Luna of the Eclipse pack, and mine alone."

When I noticed his domineering gaze, I jeered at him, "How shameless."

We had lunch in the Eclipse pack before heading out to select items for the ceremony.

It was just my luck that I saw Rebecca coming over when I picked up a ring. Her hands were filled with shopping bags as she hooked her arm around Jeremy's.

