---
layout: novel
titleO: "My Wolf King Falls In Love With My Enemy"
title: "My Wolf King Falls In Love With My Enemy"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 386
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-19 15:09:05"
rating: 4.6
rating_count: 32
---

1

After being paired with Alpha Lucas for three years, he would bring different werewolf girls in and out of his office every day.
He suspected that I had married him with ulterior motives, like aiming to take Luna's position, so he punished me in this way.
No matter how I explained, he wouldn't listen.
Facing his repeated betrayals, I went from crying and screaming to gradually becoming numb, and finally accepted reality, deciding to stop clinging to him and focus on recovering my health, and waiting for the child in my womb to be born safely.
But I never expected that a month before giving birth, the new lover he had set his sights on was Jenny, my sworn enemy who had bullied me before.
He said Jenny was his destined mate and told me to be nice to her.
I couldn’t take it anymore and went to confront him, but along the way, I received the devastating news that my father had been pushed off the rooftop by Jenny, causing me to go into labor.  
As I lay in the hospital struggling to give birth, I received a message from Jenny:  
“Your father is already that sick,his original health is so bad and you still dare to come confront me? The old man should just die sooner rather than later!  
“ Also, don't even think about asking Alpha Lucas to punish me. He said that after you give birth, he'll expel you from the pack and make me the new Luna!"  
I clenched my teeth and mustered my strength, telling myself I wouldn't let Jenny get away with it.  
But I never expected the baby to stop breathing the moment it was born.  
Even my father died from failed resuscitation efforts.  
Looking at their pale faces, my heart grew cold in an instant.
“Luna, push! The baby is almost out!”
As the medical staff urged me to push, my mind was filled with thoughts of my father being rushed upstairs for emergency treatment.
When he was brought to the hospital, he was covered in blood, clutching a wolf’s tooth bracelet in his hand.
It was the gift he had prepared for his soon-to-be-born grandson.
I silently prayed to the moon goddess, begging her to protect my father,  
then clenched my teeth and strained every muscle to deliver the baby as quickly as possible.  
Soon, I felt a sudden heaviness in my lower abdomen, and the baby was finally born.  
But before I could breathe a sigh of relief, I saw the medical staff urgently slapping the soles of his feet.  
For some reason, the baby hadn’t cried out.
I watched in panic, sweat dripping from my forehead and blurring my vision.  
The next moment, I heard the medical staff sigh regretfully:  
“Luna, I’m sorry, the baby was deprived of oxygen for too long inside you and stopped breathing upon birth…”  
“No, it can’t be!”
I shook my head in disbelief, struggling to sit up to see him.  
But just as I straightened my back, a young werewolf girl suddenly burst in from outside.  
“It’s bad news, Luna. Your father passed away due to failed rescue efforts!”  
Hearing this, I collapsed onto the bed like a deflated balloon, and the tears I had been holding back finally spilled over.
The delivering doctor scolded her angrily, “Who are you? Who let you in here?”  
The she wolf shrugged indifferently, stuck out her tongue and ran off.  
But I recognized her.  
She was Jenny's assistant.  
Daring to barge into the operating room so brazenly, wasn't it Alpha Lucas behind Jenny that she relied on? ?
But I didn't have the energy to confront her now.  
Gritting my teeth, I got out of bed, took the lifeless child from the doctor's hands, and stumbled my way to my father's ward.  
My wolf Luna mourned, “Father was still with us yesterday, eagerly awaiting the baby's arrival. Why has it come to this...”  
Yes, I wanted to know why too.
I’ve been partnered with Alpha Lucas for three years. At first, he was so good to me.  
Because he lost his father at a young age, so he treated my father as if he were his own.  
He also said I was the most sincere and kind-hearted girl in the pack, so he would give me his whole heart and become my lifelong support.  
Because of those words, I gave him everything I had.
I worked day and night to help him manage the pack, which made me exhausted all the day long.  
Yet every morning, I still got up early to cook breakfast for him myself.  
I always thought that the happiest couple in the world were those who supported and understood each other like us. 
But soon, he changed.  
He kept it from me, bringing different women in and out of his office every day.  
I cried and argued, but it all proved futile.  
His mother advised me, “Rosemary, have a child. Perhaps after having a child, he will return to the family.”  
Under her persuasion, I went to great lengths to conceive, only to be even more despised by Alpha Lucas.
“You’re disgusting. You just want to have my child to find yourself a new support?  
“Now I’ve satisfied you, but you’d better take good care of this child. Don’t end up unable to give birth and then run crying to your mother to complain!”  
At that time, I never imagined he would be right.
The child was truly gone.  
Even my father was gone…  
I held the child and knelt by my father’s hospital bed, by staring at his pale face, I was unable to hold back my tears.  
My wolf Luna kept comforting me, “Rosemary, I know you’re sad, but don’t be weak. We must be strong and make those who hurt us pay the price!”
But the next moment, I heard the voice of Alpha Lucas's wolf Louis from a kilometer away:  
“What a ultimate pleasure! Luna doesn't even compare to Jenny's little finger!”  
My heart felt like it was being pierced by needles, and the pain made it hard to breathe.  
At that moment, Alpha Lucas's mother slowly walked in, she patted my shoulder, and sighed softly.
“Rosemary, you've suffered...”  
I looked up at her, my heart sinking.  
"Mother, I've been partnered with Alpha Lucas for three years. No matter how he treats me, I can accept it.  
“But now, both my father and child are dead because of him. I can't bear it anymore, so I plan to dissolve our partnership.”  
Alpha Lucas's mother furrowed her brows, then sighed.
“He’s the one who wronged you. As a mother, I have no face to persuade you.  
“I’ll call him right now and have him come back to handle your father and child’s funeral. After the funeral, you two will go to the altar to dissolve your partnership.”  
She spoke while taking out her phone to call Alpha Lucas.  
He answered quickly with a hint of dissatisfaction in his voice, “What’s the matter? If there’s nothing, I’ll hang up. I’m busy.”
She snapped angrily, “Rosemary is in trouble! I don’t care what you’re doing right now—get your ass to the hospital immediately!”  
Alpha Lucas scoffed indifferently, “Another act, huh? How amusing. Even if she and the child died in the hospital, I wouldn’t bother to look at her!”  
With that, he hung up without hesitation.
I stood there stunned, feeling a surge of anger, and fainted on the spot. 


2  

When I woke up, Alpha Lucas was standing by my bedside.  
His hands were in his pockets, and he looked at me with obvious impatience.
“Which woman doesn't give birth to a child? For such a trivial matter, you dare to tell mother, making her call and force me to come back. Rosemary, your tricks are becoming increasingly despicable!”  
After the deaths of my father and child, facing Alpha Lucas's cold words now, my heart no longer felt pain.  
I didn't know where his mother had taken the child's body, but I wanted to go see him again.
Since he was born, I haven't really looked at his face...  
Thinking of the child, my tears couldn't help but fall.  
Alpha Lucas saw this and sneered:  
“I just said a few words to you. Is that really hurt you? Don't think a few tears will soften my heart!”  
His wolf Louis mocked even more harshly:
“That’s right. When Jenny cries, she looks like a rose drenched in rain, making the men want to protect her, but your tears are disgusting to watch!”  
Hearing this, I gave a self-mocking wry smile and then pulled off the quilt and got out of bed .  
“It was your mother’s idea to have you come here; it has nothing to do with me. If you’re unhappy, you can go back to your Jenny right now!”
At this point, I thought of my father’s tragic death, and my voice grew cold again.  
“But you’d better keep an eye on her. If she ever dares to show up in front of me, I won’t let her off the hook!”  
Alpha Lucas’s expression changed instantly upon hearing this, and he suddenly grabbed my neck.  
“Don’t forget, everything you have today is because of me!
“Jenny is my destined partner. If you dare touch my person, I think you’ve really had enough of living!”  
He choked me until I could barely breathe, and my hands kept slapping his wrists.  
But my body, which had just given birth, was too weak to muster much strength.  
Just as the situation grew critical, a young nurse pushed open the door and walked in.  
“Luna, it’s time to take your medicine… ah!”
She saw us, instinctively screamed, then rushed forward to stop Alpha Lucas:  
“What are you doing? Luna just gave birth; her body needs proper rest, let alone the baby…”  
Alpha Lucas didn’t wait for her to finish, impatiently flinging me to the ground.  
“What’s so great about giving birth? Rosemary, I’ve told you before, I don’t expect anything from the child born from your womb!
“That was a warning for you. If you dare to say anything hurtful to Jenny again, I won’t hold back!”  
After saying that, he turned and walked out.  
I clutched my painfully sore neck, coughing uncontrollably, tears streaming down my face.  
The young nurse hurried over to help me up, “I never thought Alpha would be such a person like this. Luna, are you okay?”
I shook my head, thanked her softly, and asked urgently, “Do you know where my child and father’s bodies are?”  
The nurse recalled, “After you lost consciousness, Mrs. Ovia took their bodies away, saying she wanted to give them a proper burial.”  
I paused upon hearing this and quickly called Alpha Lucas’s mother.  
I later learned that the bodies were still being stored in the hospital’s basement morgue, so I hurriedly took the elevator downstairs.
In the freezer, my father and child lay on the same bed.  
Their eyes were closed, and sleeping together.  
I leaned down to kiss the child's forehead and tightly grasped my father's hand.  
“Dad, take JoJo to find Mom. Hold his hand tightly and don't let go. He can't walk or talk yet, and if he gets lost, he'll be scared...”  
Even when the child was still in my womb, I had already named him JoJo.
Alpha Lucas’s mother had high hopes for this child, wanting him to become the future heir of the Red Moon Pack.  
But I only hoped he could grow up simply as JoJo, always happy and joyful.  
But I never imagined that even this small wish would ultimately go unfulfilled…  
My wolf Luna forced back her pain and said, “Rosemary, don’t be sad. I’m here with you. No matter what happens, I won’t leave you!”
I lowered my head and silently swore to myself:  
“I won't let this go. Someone must pay for the lives of my father and my child!”  
My wolf Luna frowned and said, “But Jenny has Alpha Lucas's protection. What can we do?”  
“Then...”  
Just as I opened my mouth, a sharp voice suddenly rang out from behind me.  
“Luna, so you're here!”  
I jolted in surprise.
That voice—I’ll never forget it for the rest of my life.  
Jenny!  
I turned around angrily, only to see Jenny rubbing her stomach as she walked toward me with a smug, show-off expression.  
“I’m here for a prenatal checkup. Alpha Lucas went to get the report for me. I heard you were down here, so I came to take a look.”  
After saying that, she turned her head and saw JoJo’s body, covering her mouth in feigned surprise.
“Oh my God, whose child is this? How could it be lying here like this? It's so pitiful!”  
I couldn't take it anymore and slapped her, “It's all your fault!”  
But the next second, I was violently pushed away by a strong force.  
“Rosemary, who told you to hit her!”

3

Alpha Lucas pushed me to the ground, and my palm was immediately cut by a piece of metal on the ground.
Looking at the blood flowing freely, I sneered and forced myself to stand up from the ground despite the intense pain.
“She killed my father and child. Why shouldn't I hit her?”
Alpha Lucas froze.
“You… what did you say? Father and child… both dead?”
He stared at me in disbelief, then suddenly turned his head and saw my father and our son on the bed.
He trembled as he reached out, as if to touch the child’s face.
But I slapped his hand away.
“You have no right to touch him! Jenny is the murderer who killed them, and you are her accomplice. The two of you will pay the price for this!”
Alpha Lucas frowned, clearly not believing my words.  
“What nonsense are you spouting? How could their deaths possibly be connected to Jenny!”  
His wolf Louis was even more suspicious that I was framing Jenny.  
“Her father had been seriously ill for a long time; his death was only a matter of time.  
“As for the child, Jenny was with us during childbirth. She failed to protect the child herself, yet she blames Jenny—how ridiculous!”
Hearing this, I looked at Alpha Lucas's skeptical gaze and said firmly:  
“My father was pushed off the rooftop and died from the fall. If I hadn't suddenly received the tragic news, I wouldn't have been so stressed that I went into premature labor, causing the child to be born without a pulse!”  
Alpha Lucas listened in silence, then turned to ask Jenny, “Did you really do it?”  
“Of course not!”
Jenny denied it vehemently, shaking her head with red eyes.  
"I had no idea that man was Luna's father. He came storming over to me, and I was afraid he'd hurt the baby, so I instinctively pushed him away. I never expected him to fall off the rooftop...  
"After the accident, I was terrified, but I immediately notified the hospital to try to save him.
“Alpha Lucas, believe me, I didn’t kill him on purpose. I was just protecting myself and our child!”  
I was shaking all over with anger. “You’re lying! You did it on purpose. Otherwise, why would you send me that message to provoke me while I was giving birth?”  
As I spoke, I pulled out my phone from my pocket and showed Alpha Lucas the message.
My wolf Luna chimed in, “That’s right, this is the most direct evidence. She can’t escape it!”  
But surprisingly, after seeing the message, Jenny continued to defend herself.  
“I never sent such a message. If you don’t believe me, check the time. At that moment, I was in bed with Alpha Lucas…”  
As she said this, she suddenly blushed and couldn’t continue.  
But the meaning was already clear.
While I was screaming in agony giving birth, my husband, the most esteemed man of the Red Moon Pack, was holding another woman in bed, entangled in passionate embrace.  
But now I no longer care about such things. I just want them to pay the price for the deaths of my father and child!  
“This is your contact information. Did you send it? Just check your phone!”
Alpha Lucas, however, impatiently said, "Enough, Rosemary. Do you have to be so aggressive?"  Jenny has already made it very clear to you that the deaths of the father and the child have nothing to do with her. What else do you want?"   
What else do I want?  
I laughed in anger at his words.  
“I want to use her life to bring my father and child back to life!”  
Jenny screamed in fear and immediately threw herself into Alpha Lucas's arms.
"Luna, I know you hate me. If my death can ease the hatred in your heart, I'll let you kill me.  
“But can you wait until after I give birth to Alpha Lucas's child? After all... this is his only child.”  
She deliberately provoked me, raising her eyebrows and glancing at my dead child.  
I could barely control the urge to transform and kill her.
“You’re carrying a bastard, yet you dare to flaunt it in front of me? You don’t deserve to live!”  
After hearing my words, Jenny trembled even more violently in Alpha Lucas’s arms.  
“Alpha Lucas, I don’t know why, but my stomach suddenly hurts so much. Is the child… is the child okay?”  
Alpha Lucas’s expression changed, and he immediately picked her up in his arms, glaring at me with a vicious look.
“It’s all your fault for scaring the child. If anything happens to the child, I’ll make you pay!”  
After saying that, he hurriedly left with Jenny in his arms.  
I looked at my baby, and my heart grew utterly cold.  

4  

In the days that followed, Alpha Lucas didn’t appear again.  
I heard he was busy taking care of Jenny, neglecting pack affairs entirely to focus on her and the child in her womb, delegating everything to his Beta.
Occasionally, when faced with unsolvable problems, his Beta would come to ask me for help.  
If it were in the past, I would have spared no effort to help solve it.   
However, since deciding to dissolve my partnership with Alpha Lucas, I no longer bothered with any pack-related matters.  
Moreover, I had been busy arranging my father and child’s funeral these days that I really don't have the mood to deal with anything else. 
Seeing me sad, his Beta comforted me, saying, "Luna, I've already informed Alpha Lucas. On the day of the funeral, he will definitely come back to be with you."  
However, on the day of the funeral, Alpha Lucas was slow to show up.  
His mother called him countless times, but no one answered.  
However, in my social media, there were photos of him accompanying Jenny to the Blue Moon pack to buy a ring.  
That is an extremely precious purple diamond of great significance.  
I still remember when I first got married to Alpha Lucas, he also prepared a romantic surprise for me.  
The candlelight dinner was filled with atmosphere. He hid a diamond ring in the cake.  
I accidentally ate it and hurriedly spat out the ring. The dazzling diamond was glittering with a blinding light in the candlelight.  
My tears streamed down on the spot. 
Alpha Lucas said, “Unfortunately, the pack can only dig up ordinary diamonds, but don't worry, I will definitely give you the most precious purple diamond on the werewolf continent in the future!”  
I was so moved that I shook my head repeatedly.  
“It doesn't matter, Alpha Lucas, as long as the two of us are together forever, that's enough.”  
I always considered his feelings, but what I received was one heartless injury after another.
He gave the most precious things to others, including his heart.  
After the funeral, his mother suddenly gave me an agreement.  
It was before I became a partner with Alpha Lucas that I secretly signed with her.   
Rosemary, as we agreed at the beginning, as long as you stay with Alpha Lucas, I will keep paying for your father's treatment.  
Because the treatment effect at that time was very ideal, the term we signed was ten years.  
"If you have the thought of leaving halfway through, you have to compensate me for three times the medical expenses..." "  
I listened in silence and couldn't help interrupting her, saying, "But on the day my father passed away, you clearly agreed that I would end my partnership with Alpha Lucas."  
"I know." "  
She sighed and nodded.  
"I'm not someone who can't distinguish right from wrong. Alpha Lucas, I'm sorry to you. He's not lucky enough to have Luna like you either."  
So from now on, this agreement is no longer valid.  
I knew very well in my heart that she was compensating me in this way.  
I even hope that I will forgive Alpha Lucas again because of her kindness to me.  
But this relationship has cost me everything and I can no longer continue.  
After accepting the agreement, I directly set it on fire and burned it, and then took my father's ashes back to the Ruud Neighborhood.  
This is the place where I grew up. Although it was poor, my entire childhood was very happy.  
Because I was born without my mother, my father felt indebted to me.  
No matter what I want, my father will do his best to satisfy me.  
He was just an ordinary werewolf who can only earn money by working hard on his own.  
It was precisely for this reason that my father fell seriously ill.  
I have always felt very guilty towards him, but the expensive treatment cost left me powerless. In the end, I had no choice but to sign an agreement with Alpha Lucas's mother.  
But I truly loved Alpha Lucas.   
Even more than I loved myself.  
I buried my father and mother together, hoping they would reunite in the afterlife.  
Just as I was planning to spend more time with them, I suddenly received a message from Alpha Lucas on my phone.
“I heard the funeral is over, and you should be free now. Come back and help me take care of Jenny. You've been pregnant before, so you have plenty of experience.”
Before I could respond, he sent another message.
"If you take good care of her, once Jenny's child is born, I'll entrust it to you. You'll be its only mother.
“Rosemary, I've been lenient enough with you. Don't be ungrateful.”



