---
layout: novel
titleO: "Starting Over Without You"
title: "Starting Over Without You"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 109
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-19 15:09:05"
rating: 4.8
rating_count: 118
---

Chapter 1
I, Ruth Chilcott, dated Jonathan Zorc for three years. 

Even so, Jonathan refused to propose to me. At some point, he fell in love at first sight with my stepsister, Evelyn Staunton, and passionately pursued her.

I didn't cry this time, nor did I hang my head low in silence and wait for him to return to me after he was done having fun with other women. Instead, I threw away all the gifts he gave me. I also cut up the wedding dress I had brought in secret.

On the day of his birthday, I left Pinehelm City alone. 

I was about to board my flight when I suddenly received a WhatsApp message from Jonathan. It read, "Why aren't you here yet? Everyone's waiting for you."

A chuckle left my lips, but I didn't respond. I merely blocked all of his contacts and socials.

Jonathan had no clue that I had secretly accepted a wedding proposal from Evan Galford, one of my seniors in university, half a month ago. Evan and I would get married once my flight landed in the new city I would call home.

…

"I've decided, Evan." I stood before the mirror, taking in my chalky white complexion and spindly figure. 

Making a crucial, life-changing decision was easier than I thought.

"Will you accept my proposal, Ruth?" Evan's deep voice sounded from the other end of the call.

My heart writhed as a slight bitterness filled my chest just then. As a tear streamed down my face, I nodded. "I will."

Evan replied, "Do you have any idea how I've longed for this day since we were in university, Ruth?"

That was when I gazed at my reflection and realized my lips had unknowingly curved into a faint smile. "Give me half a month to wrap up everything on my end."

"Alright. I'll always wait for you, Ruth."

We had just ended the call when someone forcefully opened my bedroom door.

"Ruth?" My dad, Wallace Chilcott, awkwardly cleared his throat. "Your sister's unwell. How about you switch bedrooms with her for a few days since your room gets more sunlight." 

I didn't answer. My attention shifted to the faces of the women standing behind him. They were Evelyn and my stepmom, Portia Thorpe.

Portia spoke up at once. "Wallace, there's no need to trouble Ruth."

Like her mom, Evelyn put on a pitiful act. "Yeah, Dad. I'm fine. Please don't upset Evelyn because of me."

"There's no trouble since we're a family. Besides, you're also my daughter, Evelyn." After saying that, Dad shot me a stern look. "Ruth, you're the older sister in this family. You should be more considerate."

I stared blankly at Dad, who stood before me. 

I thought I would be sad or cry in agony if my biological father chose to spoil my younger sister, who had no blood relations with me, more. However, not a single tear left my eyes. 

In fact, I even smilingly nodded at them. "Sure, I'll switch rooms with her." 

I would leave this place forever in half a month, so it no longer mattered which bedroom I had.


Chapter 2
Dad seemed pleased with how understanding I was. Even Portia smiled in satisfaction. They eventually left, but Evelyn remained.

"Let me help you pack your things, Ruth." Evelyn innocently and affably stood before me. 

Her gaze swept past the entirety of the room. Yet, there was an unconcealable hint of smugness in her eyes.

She taunted, "I never thought Dad would agree to let us switch rooms. Are you furious with me, Ruth? After all, I just stole Jon from you, and I'm taking the bedroom you've lived in for ten years from you now."

I didn't want to pay her any mind, so I turned to grab my suitcase. 

That was when Evelyn cried out and dropped to the floor with a loud thud. "Ruth…"

She hit her arm on a corner of a nearby desk while falling, bruising her skin.

"What are you doing, Ruth?" Jonathan bellowed. He had come upstairs without me noticing and happened to witness Evelyn's fall.  

A stormy expression shrouded his face as he raced over. Then, he gingerly lifted Evelyn off the floor, carrying her in his arms.

"I'm fine, Jon. Ruth didn't mean to do it…" Evelyn wiped her crocodile tears while acting like she was enduring intense pain. A soft smile curved across her face. "It doesn't hurt, Jon."

"How can you say that when your skin's already bruised!" Jonathan stared at the bruise on Evelyn's arm, pity and concern brimming in his eyes.

Contrarily, his eyes turned ice-cold when he looked at me. It was as though he was unleashing a snowstorm my way. 

He snapped, "You can take whatever resentment you have out on me, Ruth, but don't hurt Evelyn. She's miserable enough, unlike you, who was born as a respected, upper-class lady. You've never experienced any difficulties in life." 

I thought Jonathan wouldn't have any control over my emotions anymore. Likewise, I thought I would never cry another tear for him. 

That said, I was still an ordinary girl; I wasn't made of steel, nor did I have an unbreakable heart.

Jonathan was my childhood friend and boyfriend of three years. Yet, it took mere days before he fell in love with a younger woman and saw me as a malicious, detestable monster.

I didn't want to cry; I wanted to laugh at the situation. However, my eyes were hurting and tearing up.  

"We've known each other for many years, Jonathan. Wouldn't you know what kind of person I am by now?" I asked.

A frown marred Jonathan's face. His vision settled on my face, and his tough demeanor seemed to falter a little.

Chapter 3
Evelyn suddenly broke down in tears. Her whimpers were soft, almost like she had endured wrongful treatment. "Jon, please don't argue with Ruth because of me. I'm fine! It's only natural that Ruth's upset with me…"

Jonathan glowered at me with cold, biting hostility. "You're jealous because I like Evelyn, I'm nice to her, and everyone adores her. You're no longer the Ruth I used to know. You've become so twisted now. Am I wrong?"

He then turned to leave with Evelyn in his arms.

I watched as the two drew further away. Out of the blue, I realized my tears had dried up without me knowing.

It was probably better this way. After all, I had cried numerous times over Jonathan these past few days. At that point, I doubted I would feel sad or cry because of him again.

…

That night, a group chat of mine was lively with chatter.

Jonathan had texted, "I have this sudden urge to get married. What do I do, guys?"

The group chat burst into chaos. 

"Jon, are you finally making Ruth your wife?"

"Should we give Ruth a cute nickname like 'Jon's wifey' now?"

People in the group chat began tagging me. One of them said, "Congratulations, Ruth! Will you and Jon treat us to a big meal?"

Another wrote, "Jon, when are you two inviting us to your wedding?"

Everyone clamored excitedly, and notifications soon flooded my phone screen. 

I was about to text, saying I wasn't Jon's "wifey" or the woman he wanted to marry. However, Jonathan beat me to it.

He replied, "What nonsense are you guys spewing? I never said I was going to marry Ruth."

Following that, he added Evelyn to the group chat and tagged everyone. "Take a good look, guys. She's my wife-to-be."

The group chat fell silent at once, and nobody texted for the longest time.

Jonathan asked, "Why isn't anyone saying anything anymore? Go on. Say hi to my future wife."

Only then did a few people greet Evelyn. 

I gave it some thought before texting, "Congratulations. I hope you two have a happy life together."

After sending that, I immediately left the group chat.

Chapter 4
Jonathan called me once I left the group chat. He ordered, "Ruth, get over here this instant."

"Where?" I asked.

"You know where. Our usual spot."

"Is something the matter?"

"I want you to apologize to Evelyn."

"What do I have to apologize for?"

"Do you know what our friends will think of Evelyn now that you've suddenly left the group chat?" Jonathan sounded tense and assertive. "I don't want others to speak ill of her. I'm the one who likes her and wants to make it known that she's my girl.

"Evelyn is innocent. She shouldn't have to bear the horrible title of 'homewrecker' because of your reckless and impulsive actions."

I said I would never let his actions affect my emotions anymore. Yet, I still felt so upset by his words that my chest began to hurt. Even my fingers trembled as they held my phone up.

My voice shook too. "You can't threaten me like that, Jonathan. What right do you have to threaten me? You betrayed me first! I didn't try to settle the score with you. Instead, I even congratulated you. Is that still not enough?"

I held back my tears with all my might, but I couldn't stop my voice from sounding tremulous and nasally.

Silence briefly hung between us before he said, "I can let it slide this once, Ruth. However, I hope you remember that Evelyn's innocent in this. Don't you dare upset or hurt her."

He hung up after that.

I slumped onto the carpet. Every muscle in my body trembled. The framed photo of my late mother sat on my bedside, her loving gaze casting onto me.

Tears flooded my face all at once, and I ran over to hug the photo tightly. 

I pressed my face against Mom's, our faces separated by a thin glass. Tears wouldn't stop flowing from my eyes to the photo. It made it seem like she was also crying because I was in despair.

By then, I no longer wanted to cry. I refused to let Mom, who was in heaven, know I was sad.

I planned to wait until Mom's death anniversary passed. Then, I would take the inheritance Mom had left for me and leave Pinehelm City for good. I would never come back to this place again.

Chapter 5
Evelyn moved into my bedroom.

Meanwhile, I didn't bother moving into her old bedroom. I just settled in a random guest bedroom for the time being. 

The housekeepers prepared damp and chilly bedding for me, but it was fine. I decided to sleep in my coat since I only had a few more days left. I only needed to endure this period, and everything would be over for good.

…

Little did I know that I would face something much worse the next morning. 

I had just awoken and came downstairs, only to see the shelf dedicated to holding my late mother's photo in a wreck.

Someone had thrown Mom's photo to the floor, smashing the glass from the photo frame. They had also stomped all over the photo until it creased with many shoe marks.

It contorted the face of my smiling mother. Now, she looked more like she was crying in agony at me. 

Even the blueberries I had placed on the shelf for Mom had scattered all over the ground. Evelyn's precious dog was eating it up while she stood aside, clapping and cheering it on.

I froze on the spot and felt all the blood in my body gushing to my head. All my common sense and intentions to tolerate things vanished. I grabbed a nearby vase and threw it at the dog like a lunatic.

That startled the dog, who ran away. 

As for Evelyn, she shrieked when one of the vase's shards cut her arm.

"What are you doing, Ruth? How could you attack your sister?" Dad thundered.

By then, Evelyn had already thrown herself into his arms while bawling her eyes out. "Dad, save me! Ruth's trying to kill me…"

"You're getting more and more out of hand, Ruth!"

"Can't you see this? Evelyn tossed the blueberries I offered Mom onto the floor and damaged Mom's photo!" My entire body trembled as tears glided down my cheek continually. I felt wronged and upset for Mom.

Yet, Dad only frowned at the mess on the floor. "That still doesn't give you a reason to harm Evelyn!"

"Dad…"

"Ruth, it's been a long time since your mother passed. How can a dead person matter more than the living?"

Evelyn bore a pale expression and timidly spoke. "Dad, my dog knocked over the blueberries by accident. I wanted to apologize to Ruth, but she attacked me immediately after coming downstairs. She tried to bash me with the vase before I could say anything…"

She raised a bleeding arm and pouted pitifully at Dad. "I think it's best if Mom and I just move out…"

"Animals don't know any better. Shouldn't you, a HUMAN, know better?" Dad glared at me and suddenly raised his hand to slap me hard.

I forgot to dodge in that instant.

Dad was also stunned by what had happened. However, he ultimately said nothing and took Evelyn away to deal with her wound.

I watched the two leave. It took me a long while before I felt the stinging pain on my face and held my swollen cheek. As my tears fell, I couldn't help but let out a self-deprecating scoff.

I knew then and there that I no longer had a place in this home.

Chapter 6
I was awoken by the sound of crying and shrieking in the middle of the night.

I had just sat upright when someone kicked my door open. 

A crying Portia barged in and slapped me a few times before I could react. She snarled, "How could you be so cruel? You've already beaten her up in the morning. Is that not enough? Do you still wish to kill her?"

She then leaned into Dad's chest and wailed. "She knows Evelyn is allergic to peaches. Yet, she intentionally smeared peach syrup all over Evelyn's pillow and bed! She's trying to kill our daughter!"

"Alright, now. Don't cry. Fortunately, Evelyn took some allergy meds in time, so her condition isn't so severe." Dad soothed Portia with a gentle, affectionate tone. 

Meanwhile, he shot death glares my way. "You've greatly disappointed me, Ruth. Move out tomorrow. I fear our entire household will descend into chaos if I allow you to stay at home any longer."

Portia's sobs stopped almost immediately after that.

I looked at the man before me, who used to be my closest family member in this world. He loved me boundlessly once. I was his only daughter, and he cherished me as if I were a great treasure.

However, everything had changed.

I was like Cinderella, who lost all her luck and was left with nothing over time. 

At first, I couldn't understand it, so I cried, made a fuss, and even argued. But now? I finally realized that the thread of fate binding me and my father had unraveled. 

…

The day I moved out of the Chilcott residence, Dad told me, "I'll bring you home after your mom's death anniversary is over."

I didn't say a word. I just waited until they left me alone. Then, I cut up and burned the photos of myself with Jonathan and Dad, which I had collected over the years. 

Finally, I tore the wedding dress I had gotten three years ago. I bought it in secret when Jonathan confessed his feelings for me. 

It was a wedding dress that looked like a princess gown, one I had fantasized about wearing many times since I was a girl. Yet, I was now tearing it up with my bare hands.

Chapter 7
The rest I had to deal with were all sorts of gifts Jonathan had given me over the past three years. There were interesting and fun items, as well as lavish jewelry pieces.

I sorted out the more expensive items and entrusted them to my best friend. She would hold onto them for the time being. 

I asked her to return those things to Jonathan after I left Pinehelm City. Only then would I no longer owe him anything.

As for the inexpensive trinkets Jonathan had bought to make me happy, I didn't hesitate to throw them all away in a trash bag.

I once treasured even the tiniest keychain he gave me. Yet, I felt nothing for these things now that I was throwing them away. 

After clearing everything out, I wrapped Mom's photo securely in bubble wrap and placed it between two foam layers inside a box. Then, I left this place I called home for the past ten years without looking back.

As I walked out the gates, Jonathan's car happened to drive over. I didn't bother sparing it a glance. 

However, I didn't expect the car to stop beside me. The backseat window rolled down to reveal Jonathan's handsome face.

Still, I only gave him a brief, indifferent glance before walking away.

"Ruth." Jonathan frowned. "Where are you going?"

I had two big luggage with me and was already exerting much effort to walk ahead while dragging the luggage. That left me with no energy to stop for a chat with Jonathan, so I ignored him and kept walking.

That was when he opened the door and got out of the car. "Shall I have my driver take you wherever you're going?"

"No, thanks." I avoided his outstretched hand and continued my journey ahead.

Alas, he grabbed my wrist. "Why are you being so stubborn now, Ruth? If you cry a little like before, I might just soften."

I flung his hand off me, then calmly met his eyes. "There's no need for that anymore, Jonathan."

There was no need to cry or make him soften up to me. I had grown sick and tired after doing it many times. 

"Fine, then. Have it your way." Jonathan snorted, but he didn't believe I would actually follow through with it.

Chapter 8
After all, no matter how sad I was in the past, I would always willingly wait in silence for Jonathan to return to me. 

He was used to seeing me behave that way. Everyone around him always said I would never be able to leave him, and he believed them.

I pulled my luggage and was about to leave.

That was when Evelyn's honeyed voice rang out. "Jon, you're here!" She ran toward him and hugged his arm tightly, pressing her body against him.

"Has your allergic reaction subsided?" Jonathan brushed Evelyn's bangs to one side of her forehead to carefully inspect her.

"I'm doing much better." Evelyn beamed, her eyes crinkling in delight. "Don't be upset at Ruth, Jon."

While saying that, she hugged Jonathan's arm and swayed it slightly. "To be honest, it's my fault. Dad wouldn't have asked Ruth to switch rooms with me if it weren't for my poor health. Ruth wouldn't be mad at me either…"

"How is any of it your fault? Ruth's just selfish!" Jonathan peered at me before intentionally pulling Evelyn into his arms. "Let's head in. The allergic reactions on your face have just subsided, so you shouldn't be out here in the cold."

"Alright."

I watched as the two left in a tight embrace, as though they were conjoined twins. Despite that, my heart was calm. I no longer felt any fluctuating emotions.

…

Dad didn't bring me home after Mom's death anniversary like he claimed he would. 

Soon, Jonathan's birthday came in the blink of an eye. 

The old me would have already prepared a birthday gift for him ages ago. Then, I would have gone to great lengths to book a hotel venue and set up a birthday party for him. 

That said, I didn't prepare any gifts for him this year, nor would I celebrate his birthday anymore.

At 5:00 pm today, I was in a car on the way to the airport.

My phone kept chiming from continuous notifications.

Dad was urging me. He asked, "Why aren't you here yet? Portia, Evelyn, and I have already arrived.

"You should be more accommodating, Ruth. Jonathan will eventually be a part of our family. What will others think if you don't attend his party today? They'll surely assume you and your sister are fighting."

I found his message ridiculous. I didn't bother responding and only blocked his contact. 

I was about to board my flight when I suddenly received a WhatsApp message from Jonathan. 

"Why aren't you here yet? Everyone's waiting for you."

A scoff left my lips, but I didn't respond. I merely blocked all of Jonathan's contacts and socials. Following that, I headed to the boarding gate without looking back.


