---
layout: novel
titleO: "Pay When You Betray Me, Alpha"
title: "Pay When You Betray Me, Alpha"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 284
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-19 15:09:05"
rating: 4.6
rating_count: 113
---

1

After I helped Alpha Cary become the Alpha of the Cold Moon Pack, he did not fulfill his promise to marry me.
Not only did he form a partnership with another woman, but he also ruthlessly suppressed me, forcing me to become his Warrior, constantly by his side, mocked by all the werewolves.
When I confronted him, he stood before me, smiling and comforting me:
"Faye, your status is too lowly to be my Luna and gain the pack's approval.  
“But in my heart, you will always be the most important to me; no one can compare to you.”  
He spoke these words, but when his Luna punished me and isolated me, and asked him if he felt any pity in his heart,  
he replied without hesitation: “She is just a lowly Warrior; how could she compare to you?”
At that moment, I lost all hope in him.  
Since I couldn’t be his Luna, I would replace him and become the new Alpha, forcing him to submit to me in humiliation.  
After standing under the blazing sun for two hours, I was already feeling dizzy.  
But as soon as I moved, the Lead Warrior watching over me struck me with a whip.  
I had no strength left to scream; the sound I made was barely audible.
Gloria, the Luna of the Cold Moon Pack, was watching me from the shade and sneered at the sight.  
"What, can't you take it anymore?  
"You were so bold when you defied me earlier. Do you really think you're Alpha Cary's person now?
“Know your place,and emember that I’m Luna of the Cold Moon Pack. What do you think you are?”  
My throat was dry and my voice hoarse.  
“Hmph, what am I? Luna must have forgotten that without me, there would be no Cold Moon Pack today. I…”  
Before I could finish, she walked over quickly and slapped me hard.
In an instant, my cheek felt like it was on fire.  
“A lowly Omega, daring to boast in front of me? I see the punishment wasn’t enough. Let’s see if you still have the strength to argue with me!”  
After saying that, she suddenly pulled out a dagger and stabbed me in the shoulder without hesitation.  
“Ah!”  
I screamed in pain, and then she stabbed me again.
Gloria laughed triumphantly, “How about it? Still daring to boast in front of me? Don't think you're something even though you saved Alpha Cary. Even thouth you’re something , the one who ended up becoming his mate was me. From the moment I became Luna, it was already decided that he had abandoned you.”  
I was in too much pain to speak, only staring intently at her arrogant expression.
But she was angered by my gaze. “Alright, still not convinced, are you? Then I'll gouge out your eyes and slash your face to pieces, and see how you'll seduce Alpha Cary after that!”  
Saying this, she raised the dagger and slowly extended it toward my eyes.  
The tip of the blade glinted coldly, piercing my vision so sharply I could barely keep my eyes open.  
Fear completely engulfed me, and I shook my head in terror.
Alpha Cary, where are you? Come save me! You promised you wouldn't let anyone bully me!
I don't know if Alpha Cary heard my prayer. Just as Gloria's dagger was about to touch me, his figure appeared. 
“What are you doing? Faye, I told you to come back and get your things, and this is how you disobey orders?”
Before I could explain, Gloria had already started crying.
“Alpha Cary, I’m a Luna with no dignity. I just asked her for a small favor.  
“Not only was she busy, but she also mocked me, saying I had no right to order her around.”  
Hearing this, Alpha Cary’s expression changed instantly.  
He looked at me, “Is what Gloria said true?”
“She’s the Luna of the Cold Moon Pack—what can’t you do? How dare you speak to her like that!”  
I looked at him and felt my heart aching.  
He was the one who said I was his exclusive Warrior, not subject to any werewolf’s orders.  
Just as he once said, he would make me his Luna, not bullied by anyone, and loved by the entire pack.   
But he didn’t do any of that.
Gloria clung to his arm and spoke cautiously:  
“Alpha Cary, are you angry?”  
“I didn't mean to order her around. It's just that the other werewolves were all busy at the time, so I asked her.”  
He patted her head.  
“What are you saying? You're my Luna. No werewolf in the Cold Moon Pack can refuse you. No one has that privilege.”
After saying that, he glared at me.  
“Faye, Gloria is the pack’s Luna. Who gave you the right to disrespect her? Apologize to her immediately!”  
Upon hearing this, the surrounding werewolves subtly turned their gaze toward me.  
My face immediately turned bright red.
Everyone knew that before Alpha Cary became Alpha, I had been very close to him.  
They all thought Alpha Cary would choose me as his mate, but he ended up choosing Gloria.  
However, due to our past, Gloria had always harbored hostility toward me.  
Now, seeing Alpha Cary standing up for her, she glared at me with a defiant and smug expression.
I opened my mouth but couldn't utter a word.  
What was the point of speaking? He had made up his mind not to support me.  
Finally, I lowered my head.  
“I'm sorry, it's my fault. I'll be more careful next time.”  
He nodded and about to say something, but Gloria interrupted him.  
"Alpha Cary, she was just arguing with me earlier. She must be resentful inside.
“This is a good opportunity to discipline the Cold Moon Pack. What do you think?”  
I looked at Alpha Cary pleadingly.  
He turned away.  
“You have the final say. I still have things to do.”  
With that, he left without hesitation.  
I was completely desperate and couldn't help but shout, “Alpha Cary, you can't abandon me! Gloria will gouge out my eyes and disfigure my face!”
Gloria immediately turned around and smiled at him, “I wouldn’t do such a cruel thing. Don’t listen to her nonsense.”  
I kept shaking my head at him, hoping he would believe me.  
However, his gaze lingered on me for only a moment before he turned and left without hesitation.  
At that moment, I gave up completely.
But fortunately, Gloria spared my face for now. She ordered her men to bind me tightly, then, in front of all the Warriors, she began listing my “crimes,” using them as a warning to others.  
After finishing, she had me hung beneath the pack's altar.  
She smiled joyfully, patting my face and leaning close to my ear.  
"Faye, do you really think Alpha Cary still cares about you?
“My wolf Diana heard his wolf Louis say he wants to get rid of you as soon as possible!”
My mind was fuzzy, and I didn't understand how she could hear the voice of the wolf inside Alpha Cary's body.
But I had no strength left to think, and the passing werewolves were all staring at me.
Amidst the mocking, sarcastic, and contemptuous glances, I fainted completely.

2

When I woke up again, my body felt so heavy it didn't feel like my own.
“You're awake. How do you feel?”
I followed the voice and saw Alpha Cary.
He touched my head and sighed in relief.
"The fever's gone, so there's no problem.
"You're such a fool. Why did you argue with Gloria? After all, she's Luna now. Rejecting her is like slapping me in the face.
“Everyone knows how close we are. Be good from now on and don’t cause me any more trouble, understand?”
I stared at him and whispered, “Alpha Cary, do you still stand by your promise to me?”
He knew I was referring to the promise he had made before, but he sighed and took my hand.
“Faye, Gloria’s father is the Alpha of the Blue Lake Pack, and he can provide me with great assistance. You and her can’t compare.”  
“But not being Luna isn’t so bad. We can stay together forever, and you won’t have to deal with all those trivial matters. We can love each other freely.”  
Hearing this, I closed my eyes and shook my head with a bitter smile.  
It turned out he had never truly valued me from the start.
He claimed to love me, but in the end, he chose Gloria, who could be of use to him.  
And I kept believing his lies time and again—how ridiculous.  
I broke free from his grip, opened my eyes, and looked at him calmly.  
“Alpha Cary, I’m leaving. Loving someone as untrustworthy as you is a disgrace to me!”
Alpha Cary’s face changed upon hearing this.  
I didn’t care about his reaction; I struggled to my feet and began packing my things to leave.  
His expression shifted from panic to intensity.  
He leaned in close, his aura heavy with pressure.  
“Faye, stop your little games. Don’t threaten me with leaving.  
“Do you really want to return to that dilapidated shack and stay there until you die?”
“Without me, could you join the Cold Moon Pack? Would you have food and shelter?”  
“Faye, you should be content. Didn’t you say you didn’t care about Luna’s position and you just wanted to be with me?”  
My lips twisted bitterly.  
So that’s why he treated me this way.  
I looked at him seriously.  
“I said I didn’t care about the title, only because I don’t care about the status. I don’t want to be your mistress, hiding in the shadows!”
“Alpha Cary, ask yourself this: if our positions were reversed, could you accept it?”  
He scoffed:  
“How could that be the same?  It's quite normal for you to live by relying on men as a woman.   
“Alright, I’ll talk to Gloria and tell her not to target you anymore. You should rest and recover.”  
After saying that, he turned and left.  
The Omega who was responsible for taking care of me walked in with an envious expression.
“Faye, you can see Alpha Cary still cares about you; he specifically sent me to attend to you.  
“The bond between you and Alpha Cary is unmatched by others; you should understand him and stop being stubborn.”  
I looked at her.  
“Do you think Alpha Cary treats me well?”  
She nodded firmly.
"Of course. You're the only female Warrior in our Cold Moon Pack, and such a thing is rare even in the entire werewolf world.  
“Because of this matter, Alpha Cary and the Elder nearly came to blows, but he overruled the others to make the decision.”  
I tugged at the corner of my mouth.  
More than one werewolf had said similar things to me.  
They persuaded me to be satisfied, to let it go, not to be ungrateful.
But what I’ve always sought isn’t dignity or prestige. Besides, I’m just an ordinary Warrior, and I’m still being bullied by Luna.  
What dignity is there to speak of?  
Back then, I found Alpha Cary somewhere. Seeing he was still alive, I brought him back.  
At the time, I just felt a sense of shared misfortune—we were both pitiful creatures.
The two of us began to rely on each other for survival, warming each other.  
But a werewolf without a pack is like a child without a mother.  
We were driven away, beaten, and even toyed with by other rogues.  
If we were sick or injured, we had no power to fight back.  
In order to protect a meal, I was beaten until I vomited blood, yet I still clutched the food tightly and brought it back to Alpha Cary.  
Then I fainted.
I was unconscious for three days and nights, nearly not waking up.  
But it was precisely this incident that made Alpha Cary fully awaken, he started taking on responsibility, and regaining his fighting spirit.  
Our live condition improved slightly.  
But human-made disasters can be prevented, while natural disasters cannot.  
That winter, the snow was unusually heavy, and many rogues froze to death or starved to death.
Alpha Cary and I also go hungry twice every three days, relying entirely on staying still to cut down on energy consumption to stay alive.   
I secretly saved all the food for him, as he had the highest energy expenditure and was our sole combatant.  
Until I fainted from hunger.  
When I woke up, Alpha Cary was visibly overjoyed.  
He held me in his arms and swore an oath to the Moon Goddess.
“Faye, I promise you, I will strive to become an Alpha and make you my Luna. From now on, I will never let you suffer any hardships.”  
I accompanied him from obscurity to becoming the Alpha of the Cold Moon Pack,  
but he secretly paired up with another werewolf. After everything settled, he finally brought me into the Cold Moon Pack.  
I was a joke indeed.
The Omega responsible for taking care of me grew furious when I ignored her words.  
Soon, she left.  
As she departed, she muttered,  
“How ungrateful! What are you pretending to be so high and mighty for?”  
I gave a wry smile.  
Staring at the ceiling until my eyes grew sore, I finally let the tears flow freely.
I comforted myself, telling myself it wasn't because I was sad, but because my eyes were too dry.  
Suddenly, I heard the door open.  
Looking over, I saw Gloria enter.  
She walked in with a haughty expression.  
Seeing the tears on my face made her even more smug.  
“Faye, it seems you can be sad after all. I thought you had a heart of stone and couldn't feel sadness!”
“Alpha Cary and I have already held our partnership ceremony, recognized and blessed by the Moon Goddess.  
“Do you think you still have a chance? Don’t delude yourself. If I were you, I would have left long ago.”  
She leaned close to me and wiped away my tears.  
“If you’re stubborn, don’t blame me for being ruthless!”

3

From that day on, a Warrior stood guard at my door every day.
Probably to prevent me from leaving.
I settled down to rest.
Two days later, I had fallen asleep when I felt hands moving over my body.
I woke up with a start and tried to scream, but my mouth was covered.
“It's me, Faye!”
Recognizing Alpha Cary's voice, I breathed a sigh of relief.
In the moonlight, I could see the emotion on his face.
Then he pinned me down.
“Faye, because of you, we haven’t been intimate for a long time. You need to make it up to me.”
My stomach churned.
I pushed him away with all my strength and glared at him coldly.
He didn’t seem to care, his tone teasing.
“What’s wrong? Still angry?”
“I'm here now, aren't I? Gloria is Luna after all; I can't refuse her face.”  
I wrapped myself in the blanket.  
"I'm just Alpha Cary's Warrior; I have no obligation to sleep with you.  
"As you said, you should go to Gloria for this kind of thing.  
“Please leave; I need to rest.”  
He looked at me in shock, then turned to displeasure.
“Faye, you’re bold enough now. How dare you refuse me? Don’t forget, it was I who brought you to the Cold Moon Pack.”  
I sneered, “Then I can leave right now!”  
His expression grew even darker as he grabbed my neck.  
“You regret it because I didn’t give you Luna’s position?  
“In the end, you only saved me for power, for yourself.”
I slapped him across the face.  
“When I saved you, you were on the brink of death, abandoned in the wilderness.  
“At that time, I had no idea about your abilities .I have no idea why you were like this now. Saying like that is utterly heartless!”  
He snorted coldly and released my neck.  
“It seems you still haven’t realized your mistake. Keep reflecting on it!”  
I remained imprisoned, my injuries fully healed.
That day, I was sitting in the house, lost in thought, when I heard Gloria’s voice outside the door.  
“Open the door. I need to see Faye.”  
Warrior hesitated.  
“Luna, do you have Alpha Cary’s orders? If not, I’m afraid I can’t comply.”  
Gloria slapped him across the face.  
“Look at who I am. In the Cold Moon Pack, Alpha Cary and I are not different.
“Besides, I have important news to tell Alpha Cary, and I need Faye to deliver the message. Can you take responsibility if something goes wrong?”  
Warrior couldn’t take the risk, so he opened the door immediately.  
As soon as the door opened, Gloria rushed in.  
She grabbed my hand, her body trembling.  
“Faye, I have no other options. Now I only trust you.
“There’s a traitor in the Cold Moon Pack. We need someone to deliver a message to Alpha Cary, telling him to come back immediately. Otherwise, the consequences will be unimaginable!”  
I looked at her, not believing her.  
“Why don’t you go yourself?”  
She looked around.  
“As Luna, I have to stay behind to distract the traitor. What if he takes control of the Cold Moon Pack after I leave?”  
As she spoke, she tried to kneel before me.
I stopped her.  
“I’m not doing this for you or for Alpha Cary. I just feel sorry for the other werewolves of the Cold Moon Pack and don’t want them to become Rogues.”  
I rushed to the location Gloria had given me without wasting a second.  
But I didn’t see Alpha Cary, or even any of the Cold Moon Pack’s werewolves.  
I double-checked the location; I hadn’t gone to the wrong place.
Just as I was about to leave, I heard a series of wolf howls, not only numerous but also heading toward me.  
My heart tightened, and I fled at top speed, but they blocked my path.  
“You have the nerve to trespass onto our territory! What’s your purpose?”  
“Oh, a female werewolf, and quite attractive too. Why not stay and keep us company? We’ll make you Luna.”
I knew that some rogues also had their own werewolf packs and elected an Alpha.  
But such cases were rare, and I never expected to encounter one.  
No, perhaps I should say I was deliberately lured here.  
From start to finish, Gloria had been lying to me!



