---
layout: novel
titleO: "A Dinner Invitation—His Billionaire Sister Almost Be Sold"
title: "A Dinner Invitation—His Billionaire Sister Almost Be Sold"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 246
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-19 15:09:05"
rating: 4.8
rating_count: 29
---

Chapter 1
﻿

My twin brother finally got a girlfriend, and my parents, who were abroad, asked me to entertain her first.
I had the maid prepare a large table of dishes to welcome her.
At the table, my brother peeled the shrimp, and I ate a few extra.
After dinner, she gave me a dirty look.
“Why did you eat the shrimp my husband peeled? You can’t even cook, how lazy are you? How dare you eat so much!"  
I was stunned by her outrageous remark and felt very annoyed:  
“What's it to do with you? I'll do as I please!”  
She glared at me with hatred, her tone harsh:  
“You better get married soon! The family fortune belongs to me and my husband. What right do you have to spend our money?”  
"You're so lazy, you'll never get married! Why don't you beg me to introduce you to my cousin? I don't mind your laziness, as long as you give him a son!"  
“My cousin makes over ten thousand a month!”  
I was shocked by her audacity.  
I slammed the toilet door of my younger brother's squat toilet with a loud bang.  
“Get out here! What kind of girlfriend did you find?! How come I didn't know the family fortune was all yours?!”  
...
I’m the older sister, but I was born a full circle smaller than my brother, with a weak pulse.  
The doctor said I had given him all my nutrients while we were in the womb.  
When I was five, I caught him as he fell from the top floor of the villa.  
This resulted in a year of recovery from broken hands.  
When my brother fell seriously ill at twelve, I was the only one in the family whose bone marrow matched.  
In order to save him, I gained eighty pounds.
This left me obese throughout my entire adolescence.  
It wasn't until college that I finally succeeded in losing weight.  
My parents never allowed my brother to say a single unkind word to me.  
From a young age, my brother faced countless hardships, and I felt it was my duty to take care of him.  
My parents also intentionally nurtured me.  
In my eyes, he was clearly the fledgling under my wings.
At home, I was the one who made all the decisions.  
The sound of the door being slammed drew the attention of the household staff.  
My brother’s girlfriend, Ivy, was startled by my actions and screamed repeatedly.  
“What are you doing?! How dare you?”  
She ordered the staff:  
“Get this crazy person out of here!”  
The staff glanced at me and quickly backed out.  
They dared not do anything.
Ivy grabbed a servant, her tone displeased:  
“Don’t you want to work anymore? How dare you let a woman bully my husband! He’s the master of the Watkins Family!”  
The servant smiled.  
“Miss Ivy, in this household, we follow Miss Doreen Watkins’ orders.”  
She then broke free from her grip and left.  
Ivy was so angry she could barely breathe.
“She's gone mad! In such a big family, how could it be her turn to speak alone! ”  
She reached out to hit me.  
“I'll teach you some manners! I'm the mistress of this family once I get married!  You'd better be sensible to me !”  
My eyes turned cold, and I grabbed her hand.  
Once again, I kicked the bathroom door without mercy.  
“Get out here! Are you eating shit in there?”
A panicked voice came from the bathroom.  
“What’s the rush?”  
Ivy was unhappy, broke free from my grip and was furious.  
“You’re eating my husband’s food and using his things. Show some respect! Otherwise, I won’t let you marry my cousin! You don’t deserve it!”  
I laughed in anger.  
“Does your cousin have that much influence? Is he worth marrying? Hmph!”
Ivy, as if she couldn't understand human speech, thought I was swayed and looked proud.  
“My brother is a graduate student! He earns a high salary. You should be happy to marry him!”  
“He doesn't mind your laziness. As long as you take care of him and give my brother a son, that's all that matters!”  
I turned my head, ready to kick her a few more times.  
The bathroom door suddenly opened.  
My younger brother Chad Watkins came out.  
His expression was grim.
Ivy immediately walked up and hugged his arm, complaining:  
“Chad! Look at your sister! She doesn’t respect me at all! I was trying to help her, but she’s not grateful!”


Chapter 2  

My brother glanced at me guiltily.  
We were talking so loudly outside that he must have heard some of it.  
“Ivy, what are you saying! She’s my sister!”
Ivy’s eyes welled up with tears.  
“I’m sorry! I was just trying to be nice! I went through the same thing, and if it weren’t for you...”
My brother immediately felt sorry for her.  
He looked at me disapprovingly.  
“Sis, Ivy is not sensible. Don't take her for granted. She grew up in such an environment since childhood and was naturally influenced ”
Ivy seemed to have received some kind of signal and looked at me pitifully :  
“I'm sorry, sister. I shouldn't have done that. In my hometown, a woman like you would be talked about behind your back, so I... I was just trying to help you... And my cousin is really a good person...”  
My forehead veins throbbed, and I clenched my teeth.
Seeing my expression, she cowered fearfully into my brother’s arms.  
My brother furrowed his brows.  
“How could my elder sister possibly marry your cousin .”  
Ivy remained silent like a rabbit, burying her face in her brother’s arms and sniffling.
Seeing her like this, I sighed deeply:  
“Sis, Ivy doesn't mean any harm. She just speaks her mind. Don't worry, I'll teach her properly and correct her bad habits. Please don't tell Mom and Dad, okay?”  
Looking at my brother's pleading eyes, I suppressed my anger.  
“Fine! But you better keep an eye on her! Don't come up to me! It's best to teach it well before bringing herover !”
Before leaving, Ivy glanced at me secretly.  
That gaze—it didn’t look friendly at all.  
The anger I had suppressed flared up again.  
The butler stopped me and shook his head meaningfully:  
“Miss Doreen, this won’t work. Let the young master learn from his mistakes.”  
I think he’s just living too comfortably.  
I’ll see how long he and Ivy can last.
I never mentioned this to my parents.  
When they asked, I just said it was fine and that we’d talk more about it after they spent more time together. .  
Before going to bed that night, while removing my makeup at the vanity, I noticed the necklace I’d casually placed in the corner was gone.  
I didn’t want to think the worst of her.  
The surveillance footage shows that my younger brother entered my room when he showed her around the house.  
Then I saw her enter the room alone. 
She came out sneakily, looking guilty.  
I was utterly disappointed.  
Why would my brother be interested in such a woman?  
At the same time, I came across her online.  
She was posing as a wealthy woman, wearing my necklace.  
When my brother came home that night, I showed him the video.  
He knew that the necklace was a gift from my fiancé.  
It was the only one in the country.  
He was shocked and a bit angry.
He immediately called to confront her.  
Hearing her crying on the phone, he softened.  
“Sis, Ivy didn’t mean it. She was just curious. Forgive her for the sake of the environment she grew up in !”  
I couldn't believe it and my hands were shaking with anger.   
“You’re really something!”  
That night, I packed my things and moved to an apartment near the company.  
To avoid being driven mad by him.

Chapter 3

After moving in, I specifically asked the housekeeper to find me a top-notch nanny.
The nanny's surname is Jane. She works efficiently and cooks delicious meals.
She was very considerate, and I was quite satisfied with her.
Knowing that her family was in financial difficulty, I even raised her salary. 
Later, however, I noticed something odd about her.
While I was applying a face mask, she casually asked about the price.
After I replied, she started complaining about her hard life and saying that she had never used such products before.  
I gave her a few boxes and even sent her some high-end skincare products.  
But she kept muttering about how women shouldn’t spend money like that.  
I knew this was her long-held belief, so I tolerated it because she was diligent in her work.  
I had clearly told her that I was severely allergic to peanuts and yams.
The moment I put it in my mouth, I felt something was wrong.  
I immediately spit it out and went to the bathroom to induce vomiting.  
She was shouting beside me, saying I was wasting food.  
It was too late, and I fainted.  
When I woke up, she kept apologizing.  
“I’m so sorry! I didn’t expect this to happen. There’s no such thing as allergies. Just eat more, and you’ll be fine. If these things can't be eaten. How could you do that after you get married! !”
“Don’t kick me out, I won’t do it again!”  
Seeing her kneeling on the ground, banging her head on the floor, and crying in fear, I eventually softened my heart.  
After that, she did indeed behave well.  
The company wasn’t very busy, so I spent more time at home.  
Most of the time, I just lay on the sofa playing with my phone.  
I never expected her to start giving me orders.  
She made me hand-wash my underwear.
From having me take the dishes to the kitchen after meals to gradually having me wash my own dishes.  
She also made me sweep the floor.  
After I refused, she started lecturing me:  
“Doreen, as a woman, if you don’t know how to do these things, you won’t find a husband. These are the basics, and you’re already 26 years old.”  
“In my hometown, if you’re in this age and not married, you’ll be kicked out of the family!”  
She laughed happily.
“But it's okay. I'll teach you step by step. You also need to learn how to cook and clean up. Otherwise, you'll be beaten by your in-laws. I'm just doing this for your own good.”  
I was so angry my face turned dark.  
I took out my phone in front of her and made a video call to my fiancé:  
“I heard that if I can't do housework, I won't be able to find a husband?  What do you think??”  
I held the screen up to Jane, which showing the man’s handsome face on it.
He was shocked:  
“Who said that? How could you do such things?”  
I shot Mrs. Jane a glance, and her expression turned dark.  
“If I don’t do these things, will I be beaten if I marry into your family?”  
“Doreen, what are you saying?! That’s impossible. We have so many maids at home—what are they there for? Who is this person? Let me see you.”  
Upon hearing this, Mrs. Jane was visibly shocked.
“Who is this?!”  
“You said I couldn’t get married, right? This is my fiancé. Why don’t you talk to him about why I’d be beaten by my in-laws?”  
She glared at me with a terrifying expression:  
“You’re supposed to marry my son! How could you do this?! You promiscuous woman!”

Chapter 4  

I pushed Mrs. Jane away as she tried to hit me.
I was boiling with anger and wanted to vent, so I took a few deep breaths and pointed at the door.  
“What are you talking about?! Get out of here! You’re fired!”  
Her eyes hardened, and she suddenly grabbed my hair and slapped me across the face.  
She was so strong that I couldn't break free from her.   
“You slut, seducing men! How dare you mess around! Only my son wouldn't despise you, you’re just an old woman who can't do anything, and yet you dare to find a man on the side!"  
She poured the water from the cup on the table over my head and spat at me.  
My vision was blurred by the water, and my head was ringing.  
Through the blur, I noticed the front door opening.  
I was overjoyed, not expecting my fiancé to arrive so quickly.
But then I heard a familiar voice:  
“Auntie, why are you hitting her?! Chad is here too!!”  
It was Ivy!  
My younger brother had come too!  
“This slut dared to cheat on your brother with another man. I’ll teach her a lesson!”  
“What?! You bitch! My brother was giving you face by liking you, and you dare to treat him like this!”
Ivy slapped me across the face.  
From their conversation, I realized that Jane was Ivy’s cousin’s mother—Ivy’s aunt!  
Before I could even think about why she was here, the two of them dragged me into the bathroom.  
I clung desperately to the doorframe, my nails bleeding from the pressure, but they pried my fingers open one by one.  
I was dragged inside.
My fingers left several bloody scratches on the wall, the pain making my face contort in agony.  
“Chad would protect his sister. Better not let him see this.”  
“She deserved to be beaten for her mistake. What are you afraid of?! You're going to marry him! What are you afraid of sucha worthless woman like her?”  
I sneered inwardly. With me around, I'll see how she manages to marry my brother!
“Chad is different from those men.”  
Ivy smiled sweetly and rubbed her stomach.  
“And I’m pregnant with his child. He’s about to tell his parents about the marriage. Don’t cause trouble.”  
Pregnant? I was shocked. How could that be?!  
Hearing faint noises outside, I hurriedly shouted.  
Mrs. Jane quickly covered my mouth.  
“Shut up!”
Ivy kicked my stomach hard and slapped me several times .  
“Shut up! You slut! How dare you let Chad teach me a lesson!”  
“You’re a whore who’s been with so many men, let you marrying my brother is a big favor for you! If it weren’t for Chad, you wouldn’t even be considered!”
“How dare you cheat on my brother with another man! Once my brother marries you, I’ll make sure he teaches you a lesson!”  
She took out her phone to take photos and tried to tear off my clothes.  
“Look at you, you slut. Besides my brother, who else would want you?”  
Blood trickled from the corner of my mouth, and my body ached so badly my face turned pale.  
I struggled desperately.  
Just then, the bathroom door suddenly opened!


