---
layout: novel
title: "After auctioning his wife's right to use it, the president regretted it"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 38
cover_image: "/images/after-auctioning-his-wife-s-right-to-use-it-the-president-regretted-it.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-05-11 20:47:05"
rating: 4.5
---

Upon discovering that the auction of his wife's "contractual rights" had become public, my husband, the CEO, was finally in a panic.

He asked his friend, "Who won Adeline in the auction? Why hasn't she returned after a month?"

His friend hesitated, "It was your sister-in-law's beloved who won her. Rumor has it they went to a hotel the night of the auction and haven't come out for seven days and nights."

My husband's face turned pale as he finally grasped the absurdity of what he had done to me.

Just because his first love couldn't stand my scent, for three years of marriage, if I got within three meters of him, he would throw me into a disinfectant pool and make me copy "The Women's Commandments" as punishment.

Today, when I noticed something unusual about his fragrance, I couldn't resist stepping closer to sniff him.

He yelled that I was obsessed with men, yet, for the first time, he didn't order me to be thrown into the disinfectant pool.

I thought his germaphobia was finally improving.

But the next day, my "contractual rights" became the headline item at City A's largest auction.

Whoever bid the highest could replace him as my husband and spend nights in the bridal chamber with me.

Teaser: To get my germaphobic husband to accept me, I learned nearly a hundred techniques from the Red Light District.

Yet, in three years of marriage, I have been thrown into the disinfectant pool countless times for accidentally crossing within three meters of him, punished to copy "The Women's Commandments."

Yesterday, I noticed a sweet perfume on him and took two steps closer to ask about its source.

He yelled that I was obsessed with men but didn't order me to be thrown into the disinfectant pool.

I thought his germaphobia was finally improving.

However, the next day, my "contractual rights" became the headline item at City A's largest auction.

The highest bidder could exercise any rights over me for a month.
