---
layout: novel
titleO: "Crash, Homewrecker Stole My Crown"
title: "Crash, Homewrecker Stole My Crown"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 415
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-19 15:09:05"
rating: 4.5
rating_count: 84
---

Chapter 1
　　In my last international car racing
　　championship,
　　the front tire of my car suddenly burst, causing
　　the car to roll over.
　　The cars behind me collided with me one by
　　one.
　　After 99 times, I was unrecognizable from
　　the impacts.
　　Just as I reached out to my boyfriend for
　　help by instinct,
　　he kicked me away, my body covered in blood
　　and flesh.
　　“Don't dirty my newly tailored clothes today.”
　　He turned around, picked up the champion
　　who had just crossed the finish line, and spun her around, smiling and saying:
　　“Sharon, only the championship trophy is worthy of you. I will remove
　　all obstacles for you.”
　　Blood stained my entire body.
　　Watching the two of them embrace as the sun
　　set, I felt numb and desperate.
　　What he didn't know was that among these
　　red stains was the child who had just come into this world.
　　At that moment, I gave up on continuing to
　　love him.
　　...
　　I was pinned under the mangled race car.
　　Blood blurred my vision, and a warm stream
　　flowed from my lower body.
　　I struggled to reach out of the window,
　　seeking help from John , but I couldn't make a sound.
　　I wanted to tell him to save our child,
　　but he kicked me away, looking at his
　　trousers stained by my blood with disgust.
　　“You're so dirty; don't dirty my new clothes.”
　　Without stopping, he stepped over me and
　　walked towards the woman who was receiving the award.
　　His steps were hurried and rhythmic.
　　I heard John 's gentle voice.
　　“Sharon, congratulations on winning the championship.”
　　“Thank you, John.”
　　“Without your help, I wouldn't have won this championship.”
　　The woman's voice was sweet and delicate,
　　familiar yet strange to my ears.
　　I had heard this voice more than once on
　　John 's phone.
　　Every time I asked about it, I was accused
　　of being sensitive and controlling.
　　Afraid of losing him, I gradually closed my
　　mouth.
　　“I knew you would win the championship. I've booked a restaurant to
　　celebrate for Sharon. Let's all share in the joy.”
　　As soon as John finished speaking, cheers
　　erupted around us.
　　The assistant's out-of-place voice
　　interrupted the celebration.
　　“Um... what about Sister Sharon? She's still pinned under the car,
　　right?”
　　After a pause, John 's voice was cold and
　　ruthless.
　　“The race cars are specially customized with anti-collision features.
　　As for her current state, she's probably just trying to get my attention.”
　　“Since that's the case, leave Sharon here and let her cool off. No
　　one is allowed to help her.”
　　After he spoke, there was silence.
　　“But Mr. John, isn't Sharon your girlfriend? Is it really okay to
　　leave her like this?”
　　John 's brows furrowed fiercely as he
　　quickly reprimanded:
　　“Don't speak nonsense. I only see Vivian as a business partner. In
　　this life, my girlfriend will only be Sharon.”
　　There was a chorus of sighs.
　　I lay there, tears streaming down my face,
　　unsure if they were blood or tears.
　　John had never called me his girlfriend.
　　Even though we had lived together for three
　　years.
　　We had hugged, kissed, and done everything
　　a couple should do.
　　Yet he declared to everyone that we were
　　just business partners.
　　And his girlfriend would only be Sharon
　　White.
　　I tried to lift my body but fell back down
　　weakly.
　　I wanted to question him about what our
　　five years together meant.
　　But when I opened my mouth, no sound came
　　out.
　　Tears mixed with blood streamed down my
　　cheeks.
　　Sharon threw herself into John 's arms,
　　hugging him:
　　“John, you actually waited for me for so long, I...”
　　Her words were cut off as John kissed her
　　directly.
　　The sound of their saliva intertwining was
　　ambiguous and provocative.
　　Until the surroundings gradually quieted
　　down.
　　I was left behind by them.
　　Unable to bear the torment of the pain, I
　　reluctantly closed my eyes.
　　A conversation woke me up.
　　Opening my eyes, I saw the hospital
　　ceiling.
　　“John , Miss white's leg has healed and she can still race. Do you
　　really want to cripple Sharon?”
　　“If Vivian's leg still has any feeling, then give her a shot to
　　cripple it.”
　　“With Sharon as the myth in the racing world, Vivian is enough. As
　　for Vivian, I will take care of her for the rest of her life.”
　　John 's voice was cold and ruthless.
　　He knew racing was my lifelong hobby and
　　pursuit.
　　Yet for Sharon, he crippled my leg.
　　The wounds seemed to hurt again, spreading
　　throughout my body.
　　In that case.
　　John , racing and you, I don't want either.
　　I trembled and reached out to grab the
　　phone on the table.
　　I dialed the number I had memorized long
　　ago, my voice hoarse:
　　“Mom, I don't want to race anymore. Come pick me up in a week.”


Chapter 2
　　Before the other side could respond, pain
　　swept through my entire body once again.
　　In a daze, I recalled the past.
　　My father was a race car driver, but he was
　　disqualified from racing due to alcoholism.
　　After that, he became violent and
　　irritable.
　　He would resort to domestic violence
　　against my mother and me at the slightest provocation.
　　Unable to endure it any longer, my mother
　　divorced him and left me behind.
　　It wasn't until I turned eighteen, when he
　　was involved in a car accident, that my world began to brighten up.
　　However, I fell in love with racing, the
　　very thing that had ruined my father's life.
　　It wasn't until I met John in college that
　　things changed.
　　He funded a racing team, claiming he wanted
　　to help me become a world champion.
　　For three years, we worked together
　　tirelessly.
　　Everyone around us assumed we were a
　　couple.
　　To achieve the championship, I had been
　　thrown off a cliff during a race.
　　Three screws were inserted into my knee,
　　which ached severely on rainy days.
　　My body became so weakened that it was
　　difficult for me to conceive.
　　But for both John 's sake and my own
　　dreams, I was willing to endure it.
　　When I finally became pregnant with his
　　child, I wanted to withdraw from the final race.
　　He said he wanted to see me win my first
　　grand slam.
　　I didn't expect that he just wanted to use
　　me to bring glory to his beloved Sharon.
　　He even crippled my leg to prevent me from
　　racing again.
　　Anger and pain stabbed at me like a knife.
　　I was so filled with hatred!
　　I hated myself for being attracted to John
　　's warmth and falling into his trap.
　　I despised my own naivety for being so
　　easily used.
　　Suddenly, John 's voice came from my dream.
　　I jolted awake.
　　John 
　　was frowning at me, holding my hand gently.
　　“Vivian, I'm sorry. I thought your body would be fine.”
　　“The doctor needs to examine you again to see if your leg can still
　　race.”
　　My eyes welled up with tears, and I shook
　　my head.
　　“No need.”
　　“I can't feel anything in my leg.”
　　“I'm already useless.”
　　John 
　　patted my hand, trying to comfort me.
　　“Come on, let the doctor give
　　Seeing his insistent look, I had no choice
　　but to nod.
　　He nodded at the doctor.
　　The doctor, upon receiving the signal,
　　immediately selected the tools.
　　His glance towards me was filled with
　　sympathy and reluctance.
　　“Do we really have to verify it?” I couldn't help but
　　ask again, looking up.
　　John 
　　frowned, his voice tinged with sternness, “Don't be willful!
　　It's for your own good.”
　　Just as the doctor was about to proceed,
　　Sharon pushed the door open.
　　“John, I've studied joint movement abroad. Let me give Vivian a try.”
　　“After all, Vivian is in this condition because of me.”
　　John 
　　immediately released my hand and turned towards Sharon.
　　“Since Sharon wants to give it a try——” John paused,
　　glanced at me, and signaled the doctor to hand her the tools.
　　Sharon, holding a small hammer, slowly
　　approached me, her eyes filled with a hint of malice and triumph.
　　“Vivian, I'll be gentle～”
　　Her movements seemed gentle, but only I
　　knew how hard she was hitting.
　　Dull pain throbbed through my lower body
　　with each strike. I clenched my teeth, determined not to make a sound.
　　Cold sweat dampened my hairline.
　　“Vivian, do you feel anything?”Sharon, with her
　　back to John , looked at me provocatively.
　　“No,” I replied, forcing myself to stay calm despite the pain.
　　“Vivian, let me try with a syringe.”
　　The thick needle was inserted into my thigh
　　by Sharon.
　　I twisted the bedsheet tightly, holding
　　back my scream.
　　I knew that if I made a sound, the pain
　　would become unbearable.
　　“Enough, Sharon. Vivian's leg is probably ruined. Let the doctor
　　handle it,” John  interjected, his lips
　　pressed tightly together.
　　He looked at me with a hint of reluctance.
　　“Vivian, even if your leg is ruined, I'll find you a logistics job.
　　You won't be left out in the cold.”
　　His words were the last straw.
　　I took a deep breath and closed my eyes,
　　trying to ease the dense, needle-like pain.
　　Sharon's sweet yet cruel voice followed:
　　“Vivian, take good care of yourself. We'll need you as a bridesmaid
　　when John and I get married!”
　　After they left, I looked at my lower body
　　and couldn't help but feel a sense of self-mockery.
　　Would I be a bridesmaid on crutches, or in
　　a wheelchair?
　　Sharon knew exactly how to humiliate me,
　　but I no longer cared.
　　I checked the messages on my phone; there
　　were still five days left.

Chapter 3
　　After the doctor confirmed that I would be
　　confined to a wheelchair for the rest of my life, John 's gaze towards me was
　　complicated yet resolute.
　　He took me back to the villa.
　　However, my old room had been taken over by
　　Sharon.
　　She stood at the door, arms crossed, and
　　looked at me with raised eyebrows.
　　“Sorry, Vivian, John said I can stay in whichever room I like.”
　　I looked at John  coldly and asked, “So where do
　　I stay, Mr. ?”
　　John 
　　was taken aback by my formal address, his eyes filled with disbelief.
　　After all, I had never called him Mr.  before.
　　“Vivian, what's with the attitude? Sharon has a bad back, and the
　　mattress in your room was specially customized, which would be good for her
　　back.”
　　The past sweetness came flooding back!
　　My heart ached.
　　When I had my accident and lay in bed for
　　three months, John  had the mattress
　　custom-made for me so I would be comfortable.
　　Now, the more I remembered the past
　　kindness, the more it hurt.
　　I came to a painful realization.
　　John 
　　did not love me.
　　Swallowing the bitterness in my heart, I
　　turned to him and asked coldly again.
　　“I'm not throwing a tantrum. Mr. John, may I ask where I will stay?”
　　“There's a room that would be perfect for Sister Vivian to recover
　　in. Let me take her there.”
　　Sharon snatched the wheelchair from
　　John  and took me to the darkest room on
　　the first floor.
　　As soon as the door opened, dust filled the
　　air.
　　The room was pitch black, with no light
　　visible.
　　“Sorry, Vivian, all the other empty rooms are filled with my stuff,” Sharon said
　　with a hint of apology in her voice, but her upturned lips betrayed her good
　　mood.
　　“You'll have to make do with this room.”
　　Looking at the dark room, memories of my
　　childhood fears resurfaced.
　　I tightly grabbed Sharon's hand, frowning
　　at her.
　　“I won't stay here. Are there any other rooms, or maybe I could stay
　　in a hotel?”
　　“What do you mean you won't stay here?”
　　She was startled and quickly shook off my
　　hand.
　　But she didn't expect John  to follow us in.
　　I looked up at him hopefully.
　　However, Sharon quickly hugged John 's
　　waist, burying her face in his chest and crying pitifully.
　　“This room is quiet and won't be disturbed. It's perfect for Sister
　　Vivian to recover, but she doesn't like it and even grabbed my hand, leaving
　　red marks.”
　　She raised her hand to show John .
　　John 
　　tenderly blew on her hand, then turned to me and shouted.
　　“Vivian, don't throw a tantrum. You will stay in this room, whether
　　you like it or not!”
　　My hope vanished once again.
　　A sharp pain stabbed through my heart.
　　He knew I had a phobia of dark rooms.
　　But he still sided with Sharon.
　　“Fine.”
　　I gave a self-mocking smile and wheeled
　　myself into the room.
　　The clutter, stored for who knows how long,
　　was covered in dust.
　　The small bed in the corner was cold and
　　rigid.
　　After a while, I heard rustling outside the
　　door.
　　I was startled, and the fear from my
　　childhood spread through me.
　　Frantically, I turned on my flashlight.
　　But to my surprise,
　　Sharon had returned, waving the pregnancy
　　test I had hidden.
　　She walked towards me, lowered her head,
　　grabbed my collar, and spoke maliciously and triumphantly.
　　“Vivian, I knew you were pregnant. I hinted to John that I wanted the
　　championship. That's why he tampered with your tires, causing you to crash 99
　　times and miscarry.”
　　“So what if you've been together for three years! With a snap of his
　　fingers, he came over to me.”
　　“What did you say?”
　　My head, which had been lowered, shot up
　　instantly, my eyes filled with rage.
　　I had naively thought it was an accident.
　　But I never expected it to be John 's
　　conspiracy.
　　I had been so looking forward to this
　　child.
　　I longed for someone who shared my blood.
　　The doctor had told me that due to years of
　　injuries, my body could only bear one child.
　　From the moment I found out I was pregnant,
　　I had been dreaming of her arrival.
　　Countless times.
　　Yet, the two of them had shattered my hope.
　　A surge of strength came from within me,
　　and I tightly grabbed Sharon's neck.
　　“You...

Chapter 4
　　John 's voice came through, filled with
　　fury.
　　Then, he kicked me in the stomach.
　　I glared at him viciously, still not
　　letting go.
　　The hatred in my eyes made him pause for a
　　moment, but Sharon's cries for help brought him back.
　　He continued to kick me forcefully,
　　shouting, "Let go, Vivian."
　　The pain in my lower abdomen merged once
　　again with memories from my childhood.
　　Fear and helplessness enveloped me, and I
　　released my grip, blood flowing from the corner of my mouth.
　　I hugged my head with both hands, curling
　　my body into a ball, and kept shouting,
　　“Don't hit me... I'm sorry, I'll never do it again.”
　　Sharon's eyes welled up with tears as she
　　glared at me fiercely.
　　She stepped forward to kick me again but
　　was held back by John .
　　The furrowed brows of John made Sharon
　　hesitate.
　　John 's gaze towards me had a hint of
　　regret and heartache.
　　Just as he was about to come towards me,
　　Sharon quickly grabbed him, letting out a cry of pain:
　　“Ah, it hurts!”
　　“John, my leg hurts! I have a race the day after tomorrow!”
　　Without any hesitation, John  carried Sharon upstairs.
　　Before leaving, he still shouted at me, “Vivian, you
　　better watch yourself. Reflect on your actions in there.”
　　He slammed the door shut.
　　And I remained immersed in the dark scenes
　　from my childhood.
　　Tears streamed down repeatedly, as if I
　　could still feel the pain of the sticks hitting my body back then.
　　It wasn't until the cold floor brought me
　　back to my senses.
　　My eyes were dazed, and my eye sockets dry.
　　Mechanically, I took out my phone and
　　checked the date.
　　My lips forced a smile, revealing a grin.
　　There were still 48 hours left.
　　John , I'm about to leave you.
　　The next morning.
　　John 
　　let me out.
　　He looked down at me condescendingly.
　　“Vivian, you need to apologize to Sharon.”
　　I sat on the floor, leaning against the
　　bed, ignoring him.
　　“Did you hear me, Vivian? If you don't apologize, I'll kick you out.”
　　John 's voice rose again, the veins on his
　　forehead bulging, his gaze towards me cold and ruthless.
　　Indeed, the one you love always knows how
　　to hurt you.
　　I've long had no home.
　　What if I'm kicked out?
　　I don't care anymore.
　　I looked up at him coldly and spat at him, “In your
　　dreams.”
　　After speaking, I could no longer hold
　　myself up and fainted.
　　I was taken to the hospital, and when I
　　woke up, only a caretaker was with me.
　　John and Sharon had gone abroad to
　　participate in a racing competition.
　　I looked down at the time; there were still
　　12 hours left.
　　“Mom, do me a favor.”
　　After sending the message, I ate a few
　　bites of food.
　　I asked the caretaker to take me for a walk
　　nearby.
　　When we passed the Bay Bridge, I said I
　　wanted to see the scenery there.
　　Taking advantage of her inattention, I
　　jumped off.
　　Closing my eyes, the moment I touched the
　　river water, I whispered to myself:
　　“John , goodbye.”

