---
layout: novel
titleO: "Two Brides, One Tragic Twist"
title: "Two Brides, One Tragic Twist"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 477
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-19 15:09:05"
rating: 4.7
rating_count: 50
---

Chapter 1
My best friend and I married into the Sutherland family at the same time, and we even conceived at almost the same time.

I married the older son, who was an expert surgeon, while she married his younger brother, who was the most handsome police officer around.

On our first wedding anniversary, I got into a severe car crash on our way back from collecting our prenatal checkup reports at the hospital.

My best friend dodged the bullet because she was buying us milk tea.

However, I bled profusely from my lower body and ended up lying in a pool of blood at the scene, my face pale with fright.

Trembling, I took out my phone and called my husband for help, but he rejected my call three times before finally answering it.

His tone was full of impatience as he snapped, "Can you stop making trouble out of nothing? Weren't you just fine when you had your prenatal checkup just a while ago? Medical resources aren't yours to waste!

"Hannie cut her hand while changing out a water pipe at home. I still have to bandage it for her, so don't bother me!"

In the end, it was my best friend, who was returning with milk teas in hand, who saved my life.

She called her husband right there in the street, crying and demanding that the perpetrator pay with his life.

Instead, she was met with a cold reprimand. "Do you know the consequences of making a false police report? I still need to help Hannie switch out her water pipe, so stop wasting my time already!"

The passersby who had gathered around to look were so frightened by my terrible state that they did not dare to come forward.

My best friend, who was eight months pregnant, dragged me to the hospital by herself—walking the entire three miles there.

As a result, she also lost her unborn child.

She even volunteered for the blood transfusion I needed after her own surgery.

After opening my eyes, I gazed at her pale face. The two of us exchanged looks and smiled bitterly at each other.

"I want to file for divorce, Iris," I told her.

"Me too," she replied.

After I woke up and made up my mind, I immediately sent my husband, Jack Sutherland, a message informing him that I was going to divorce him.

As a result, he actually called me back, a stark contrast to when I had needed to call him three times before he picked up on the day of the accident.

When I answered the call, his furious curses sounded in my ears. "Are you going to divorce me just because I didn't condone your nonsense, Yvonne Jandor? The child was still fine in the morning, so how did you have a miscarriage after I hung up the phone? Are you trying to play me for a fool?

"I go to work every day to save lives, not to play house with you! It's just a coincidence that my patient today happens to be Hannie!

"Can you learn some common sense? She accidentally cut her wrist, which may end up bleeding profusely if proper measures aren't taken! There's a life on the line!

"My child and the subject of divorce aren't bargaining chips for you to threaten me with, either! Stop playing the spurned wife and trying to gain my favor through despicable means!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he immediately hung up the phone without waiting for me to speak.

The hand in which I was holding my phone was still connected to an IV drip. At the moment, it was sagging weakly next to my ear.

We had been in love for three years and married for one. We even had a baby that had almost been born.

I never expected all of it to be ruined at the hands of his first love, Hannah Chandler!

When we met by chance at the hospital, she told me that she would call a taxi for me, seeing as it was inconvenient for me to get around while pregnant.

I had not thought much of it and even thanked her for her kindness.

However, the taxi that had been driving smoothly suddenly made a sharp turn, causing me, in the back seat, to be hit head-on by an oncoming truck.

The driver, who suffered some superficial injuries, abandoned his car on the spot and fled the scene, leaving me lying in a pool of blood in the middle of the road.

I had never been so scared before.

I was afraid of death but even more fearful of losing my child.

I finally managed to call my husband, crying and trembling, but he hung up on me three times.

In the past, he would answer my calls even while working because he knew that I was pregnant and would fear that something had happened to me.

However, when something really happened to me that day, all I received was a cold text message that said, "I'm working at the clinic, so don't bother me."

Before I left the hospital, I glanced at the screen displaying a list of registered patients, so I naturally knew that his current patient was Hannah.

As tears blurred my vision, I called him again, unwilling to leave things as they were.

He finally answered my call.

I could feel the cramps and soul-crushing pain coming from my abdomen. I barely had the strength left to speak. "I got into a car crash at the intersection just outside of the hospital, dear… Please come save me quickly. Our child can't hold on much longer…"

As I spoke, I could even feel blood gushing out of my body.

There was no response from the other end for quite a while, but I could faintly hear Hannah's coquettish laughter through the phone. The ten seconds I waited felt as long as a century.

Jack finally said, "I still have to help Hannie bandage her wound. It's my duty as a doctor to save lives and treat wounds, so can you please stop causing trouble for no reason?"

He hung up immediately after he finished speaking. It was as though he were terrified of me bothering him.

Since when did something as trivial as bandaging a cut require the personal attention of a surgeon?

The severe pain my body was in seemed to numb, and a bitter smile appeared on my face.

Tears slid down my face and mixed in with the blood on the ground.

The moment I lost the will to live, my best friend, Iris Sharlow, dropped her milk tea and ran to me.

She glanced at Jack's message displayed on my phone and immediately sent him a voice message cursing him out.

"A person like you doesn't deserve to be a father! Fuck you! I hope you and your bitch of a first love stay together for the rest of your lives! Don't you ever appear in front of Yvie again!"

My best friend saved me, but she lost her own child because of that.

