---
layout: novel
titleO: "I Gave You My Heart, but You Chose Hers"
title: "I Gave You My Heart, but You Chose Hers"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 491
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-19 15:09:05"
rating: 4.5
rating_count: 37
---

Chapter 1
On the day we were supposed to have dinner with my parents, my parents and I waited at the restaurant from when there was still daylight till it was completely dark outside. Yet, Anthony Cleveland never showed up.

I tried calling him, but he never picked up. A while later, I saw that his childhood friend had posted an update on a social media platform.

In the photo, she was smiling brightly while seated inside a car. The ring she had on her finger looked oddly familiar.

A caption was included with the photo. "Thank you for the birthday gift, Mr. Cleveland. I like it so much."

I stared silently at the Instagram post and pressed the like button.

After that, I told Anthony. "You should marry her instead since you like her."

Red rimmed his eyes, and his voice wavered. "You're my girlfriend."

No. I was no longer his girlfriend from the day he broke his promise and gave her the ring.

…

Until Selena Grayson, Anthony's childhood friend, posted on Instagram, I was pointlessly grasping at straws, trying to justify his no-show. 

Yet, the truth was presented right before my eyes. I felt like I was about to suffocate.

I had seen the ring she was wearing at home before. Anthony had previously kept it hidden safely in a corner of the closet.

Back then, I thought he had finally decided to tie the knot. My heart was filled with joy and expectations. I thought he had suggested having dinner with my parents today to discuss marriage.

Yet, in the end, he was both the one who had gotten everyone together and the one who had failed to show up.

My eyes felt hot as I stared at the photo Selena had uploaded. 

Something inside me was slowly crumbling away.

My mother, Janice Ford, noticed the change in my mood. She asked worriedly, "Did something happen?"

I forced a smile and said, "We don't have to wait anymore. Let's eat."

"Really? You don't want to wait for a bit longer?"

"Nope. From now on, there's no need to wait for him anymore," I replied calmly. Then, I picked up my spoon and started eating.

Our table boasted a feast, but after multiple trips to the kitchen for reheating, the vibrant dishes we'd anticipated were now lackluster. The long wait for Anthony had robbed us of a delightful meal. 

Mom sensed something was off, but she did not try to pry. My father, Mark Shaw, had run out of patience. After a few bites, he and my mother left.

I took my bag and left the restaurant too. Then, I wandered aimlessly along the street.

It was already 10:00 pm. There were very few people on the streets. Even the number of cars driving on the road had lessened considerably.

Just then, I received a call from Anthony. I ignored it entirely and hailed a cab home.

I heard his grumpy voice the moment I crossed the threshold. "Where have you been? How come you're home so late?"

I paused momentarily. Clutching my bag tightly, I asked expressionlessly, "Anthony, do you remember what you promised me this morning?"

I reminded him again before he left for work this morning because I was worried he might forget tonight's plan. I also told him to be there early to give my parents a more favorable impression of him.

He smiled, acknowledging the reminder. "We're meeting up with your parents today. There's no way I'd forget about something so important."

Anthony froze. There was a flash of guilt in his eyes. It seemed like he had just recalled what he said in the morning.

He said apologetically, "I'm sorry. Things were really hectic at work today. I happened to have forgotten about it."

Anthony stepped toward me and tried to circle his arms around me. However, I moved away discreetly.

Still, he had moved close enough for me to pick up on the faint scent of jasmine coming off him. It was the scent of the perfume Selena often used.

Anthony looked rather baffled. It was as though he had not expected that I would avoid his touch.

"Vivi, are you upset?"

I fixed him with a stony gaze and asked flatly, "Did you really forget about our arrangement for tonight because of work?"

"Are you doubting me?" There was a trace of annoyance in his deep voice.

I stared at Anthony, who seemed to be trying to cover up his embarrassment by raising his voice. Suddenly, I felt like I barely knew this person. Perhaps he had never actually shown his true self to me.

I drew a long breath. "Anthony, let's break up."

