---
layout: novel
titleO: "Forced to Bare All, I Chose Freedom"
title: "Forced to Bare All, I Chose Freedom"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 308
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-19 15:09:05"
rating: 4.5
rating_count: 10
---

Chapter 1
My wife, Kiara Gibson, had her assistant, Aaron Wembley, throw a party after the New Year holidays. During the party, he gave every employee a monetary gift but blatantly ignored me.

I was about to question him when he mocked me publicly, "You've been leeching off the company for years, Felix. How can you be shamelessly asking for more?"

I flashed him a smile before tearing off my work badge. I then called Kiara and asked, "Is it true that the management of Gibson Corporation wants to fire me?"

Everyone had their attention on me at that moment. 

The phone rang several times before it finally connected. Kiara's impatient voice then came through the line. "What's wrong with you now, Felix? This meeting is really important to the company. Can't you wait until I get back to talk?"

I glanced at Aaron out of the corner of my eye and firmly replied, "No!"

In the next minute, Kiara started cursing at me from the other end of the line. "That's right! I was the one who asked Aaron to fire you. Are you happy now?"

Taken aback, I said, "Give me a reason."

Kiara scoffed before coldly replying, "I'm the chairman of Gibson Corporation. Do I need a reason to fire someone? You've been the sales manager for three years, and you don't have anything to show for it. Do you really have to ask me why?"

Even with the phone volume turned all the way down by the end, her voice still echoed through the entire room. "Listen up, Felix—there is no space for useless people in Gibson Corporation!"

Kiara ended the call after she was done talking. Everyone fell silent.

"Everyone's heard it firsthand. Even Ms. Gibson called Felix a useless person. Why should we still keep him in the company?" Aaron looked at me smugly from the stage. "I suggest you pack up and head home to get some rest."

Halfway through his words, he suddenly smiled at me. "If you're living off someone, you should at least act like it. Am I right, Mr. Quinsley?"

I looked at him. My face was devoid of expression as I coldly chuckled. "Seems like what you're implying is that I'm redundant in this company. Is that right, Mr. Wembley?"

Aaron grinned widely when he saw that I was walking right into his trap. "Isn't that the case? You're either on your phone or playing games during work hours, and you know nothing about the job.

"You'd probably have been fired now if it weren't for your connection with Ms. Gibson. It truly is a waste of resources keeping a useless person like you in the company!"

I wagged a finger and said, "Oh, no. I think everything you said earlier was right, but there's one thing I don't quite agree with."

Aaron was surprised seeing how confident I was. "What do you not agree with? You don't actually think Gibson Corporation can't survive without you, do you?"

I smiled and nodded firmly. "That's right. Gibson Corporation will collapse as soon as I leave the company."

The silence in the room was instantly shattered as soon as I said that.

"Oh my god. This guy is really full of himself! Gibson Corporation is one of the top 500 companies in the country. There's no way it'll collapse just because of a small-time manager!"

"That's right! This guy is just riding on the fact that he's the chairman's husband. He does nothing all day and still gets paid. It's been that way for three years."

"How disgusting of him! I can't believe someone like that actually exists! Pretty faces like him who live off someone else should just die!"

