---
layout: novel
titleO: "In Memory, We Remain"
title: "In Memory, We Remain"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 192
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-19 15:09:05"
rating: 4.3
rating_count: 117
---

Chapter 1
I got into an accident and lost my baby. When Connor drove past me with Giselle Peterson, his secretary, he told her not to look at me. Then, he drove away. 

That night, I found a bra that didn't belong to me in our room. I made a call to my future employer and informed him that I was ready to move away and start at the new company next week. 

Charles Denner, my soon-to-be boss, replied, "That's amazing news. Jane, welcome to the team." 

Just as I hung up, Connor stepped out of the shower with dewy skin and half-wet hair. 

In the past, he'd always showered within five minutes. Lately, he'd begun bringing his phone with him, and now his showers always took more than half an hour.

"Who were you speaking to?" he asked with his eyes glued to his screen.

I informed him that I'd just gotten off a call with Charles. Connor hummed in acknowledgement, but as always, he hadn't actually heard me. However, unlike how I usually behaved, I did not throw a tantrum about his inattentiveness. 

Instead, I started writing my resignation letter. 

Connor picked his cup up to sip at the calming tea I always prepared for him each night. However, when he realized his cup was empty, he finally spared me a glance. 

"Jane, I showed your CT scan to an orthopedic doctor. He said your injuries are superficial. Just make sure your wounds don't come into contact with water and you'll be fine." 

"Got it," I replied, continuing to type. 

Earlier that afternoon, I'd received eight stitches on my calf. In addition, they found out I was four weeks pregnant and had lost the baby in the collision. The doctor told me sadly that I might've been able to keep the baby if I had been sent to the hospital in time. 

Connor raised an eyebrow at my unusually calm demeanor. Just as he was about to come over and take a peek at what I was working on, his phone rang. 

He smiled and walked into the study. 

After seeing his reaction, I checked his Instagram using my spam account. He'd posted a story, but hid it from my main account. 

It was an apology letter written by Connor. It said, "I should never have broken the promise I made to the most adorable assistant in the entire universe. I said I'd get off work on time and treat her to a good meal. 

"However, as I was swamped with work, I made her starve for ten minutes before taking her out. This was a serious mistake on my part. From now on, I vow to change my ways and be a better boss."

I liked his story. Then, Charles sent over the employment contract. I opened the file and signed it without hesitation. 

The next morning, Connor bought home breakfast from a famous restaurant. Just as I was about to open the packaging of an avocado wrap, he slapped my hand away and said, "Don't you like croissants? I got an egg croissant just for you." 

I froze. Then, I realized he'd bought the avocado wrap for Giselle. 

Unable to hold back, I asked, "We've been together for seven years. Do you really not know that I'm allergic to eggs?" 

Connor's expression shifted. He stood up abruptly and said coldly, "You're just trying to start something. Eat it or throw it out. I don't care." 

Just as he was about to leave, I went into our room and came out with a bag in hand. 

"When you see Giselle, help me return this to her." 

When Connor saw the lacy bra in the bag, surprise flickered across his face. He opened his mouth to explain, but when he saw that I wasn't looking for a fight, he only mumbled, "I'll remind Gigi to be more mindful of her belongings." 

"Alright." 

I must've looked dejected, as Connor suggested driving me to work. 

We'd been together for seven years. However, as the CEO of the company, he maintained a clear division between his work and his private affairs. Even when it stormed outside, he'd never once driven me to work. 

Yet, Giselle had enjoyed that privilege from her very first day. 

