---
layout: novel
titleO: "A Deal with the Heartless Man"
title: "A Deal with the Heartless Man"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 213
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-19 15:09:05"
rating: 4.2
rating_count: 54
---

Chapter 1
"I put your house up for sale on a real estate marketplace the other day, and a potential buyer has already reached out to me to ask when they can move in. 

"Emma, didn't you just get married? Why are you selling your marital home already? Have you really thought things through?" Gigi Miller, Emma Burton's best friend, asked in confusion. Her voice blended with the hum of the printer.

Staring at the freshly printed divorce settlement agreement, Emma's lips curved into a bitter smile. Yet, there was a hint of relief in her eyes.

"Seth and I are getting divorced. Tell the potential buyer that they can move in by the end of the month at the latest."

Gigi was shocked. She wanted to ask further, but Emma hung up before she could.

Clutching the divorce settlement agreement, she walked out of the study. Her heart was pounding wildly, but she was feeling melancholic.

She had known Seth Hunter for over 20 years.

After all that time, they were now getting divorced within a month of getting married. What a laughable ending.

She imagined how Seth would react upon seeing the divorce settlement agreement. Perhaps his expression would darken, or maybe he'd fly into a rage.

When she pushed open the door, she saw an alluring woman standing next to him.

Even though they kept a distance from each other, there was an unusual flush on their cheeks.

Even Seth's usually cold and depthless gaze flickered with an emotion that Emma had never seen before.

Emma felt as though a bucket of ice water had just been poured on her.

It completely washed away any uneasiness and hesitance that she had deep down.

Her gaze slowly frosted over. "It seems like this is not a good time," she said. She was unable to hide the mocking tone in her voice.

Seth slowly regained his composure. He leaned back in his chair, and his handsome face was completely devoid of any emotion. His lips were pressed into a sharp line, and his chilling eyes landed on Emma.

He said mercilessly, "Emma, you've overstepped."

Emma's smile nearly crumbled, and she clenched her fists.

Stepping into his space as his newlywed wife was now considered overstepping.

As if she couldn't sense Seth's impatience and apathy, Emma walked toward him with the divorce settlement agreement in her hands. "Have a look. If you don't have any problems with it, then just sign it."
 
As Emma approached him, Seth immediately averted his gaze. He even leaned away from her and closer to June Sutton.

Whether it was through his eyes or his actions, he was avoiding her.

It blatantly revealed the disgust and aversion he felt toward her.

In that instant, it felt like a million needles were piercing Emma's heart.

Every beat of her heart was painful and intolerable.

Suddenly, their wedding night flashed in her mind. Stark naked, she had broken down and asked him why he was treating her like this.

Was she ugly? Was she awful? Why did he hate her so much?

At the time, Seth had just smiled warmly. There wasn't a flicker of emotion in his eyes as he said, "Emma, don't be like this. You look like a madwoman."

The image in her head kept blurring into reality.

Just as she was on the verge of breaking down, she stopped herself.

Now that they were getting divorced, it didn't matter anymore.

She stared intently at Seth's face. Just as he was about to look down at the divorce settlement agreement, June's sultry voice sounded at that inopportune moment, distracting him.

"Ugh, it hurts."

However, there wasn't a trace of a wince on her face. Only her eyes seemed to glimmer with tears.

When Seth's gaze met June's, Emma could practically see the sparks fly between them.

She had to admit that her own husband was flirting with another woman right in front of her.

Seth seemed to get June's hint. His eyes darkened, turning dangerous.

He didn't even look at the document closely before hastily flipping to the last page and signing his name.

When he looked up and saw Emma's slightly surprised expression, he wrinkled his brow impatiently.

"I've signed it. You can go now."

Emma took the divorce settlement agreement back. At the sight of Seth's bold signature, she felt her heart twinge. Then, she laughed out loud like a huge weight had been lifted off her shoulders.

Without giving the two of them a final look, she walked away without any hesitation.

From today onward, she was setting Seth free.

At the same time, she was free as well.

