---
layout: novel
titleO: "Goodbye, ICU Husband—Hello, New Life!"
title: "Goodbye, ICU Husband—Hello, New Life!"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 286
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-19 15:09:05"
rating: 3.9
rating_count: 79
---

Chapter 1 Picking Up the Mistress
Wanting to force me into a divorce, my scumbag of a husband, Grayson Rockwell, brought some people with him. They beat me up and made me end up in the emergency room.

However, when Grayson was on his way to pick up his mistress, he got into a car crash. When the doctor brought me his phone, I saw a call from his side piece. She sounded aggrieved as she asked why he wasn't there to pick her up yet.

I stopped the doctor from leaving and said, "Stop the surgery. He needs to pick his mistress up."

…

"Mrs. Rockwell, we've gotten the notice that your husband is in critical condition." The doctor looked nervous when he took me out of the emergency room.

He clumsily dumped Grayson's phone and ID documents into my arms. The phone started ringing at that moment. 

The caller ID read "Babe".

"Grayson, when are you picking us up? Alex has been missing you."

Snorting, I hung up on Olivia Mendel. Then, I turned around and cut off the young doctor's attempt at comforting me.

"Can we stop the surgery? Looks like my husband has to pick up his mistress. He has no time for surgery."

The doctor clearly had never faced this situation. "Huh? But Mrs. Rockwell, this is about saving his life."

Of course, I knew, but I couldn't care less about Grayson's life. Why would I care for a good-for-nothing who got run over by a car?

My mother-in-law, Judith Ackerson, did not share my opinion. Bandaged and waiting for Grayson outside the emergency room, she growled at me, "You are an evil bitch! Grayson should have beaten you harder this morning!"

I ended up at the hospital for different reasons than Grayson and Judith. They had gotten into a car accident on their way to pick up Olivia, his mistress. But I was only here after Grayson's men beat me up at my home.

That explained Grayson's desperate move to get a divorce. It appeared that he wanted to marry Olivia.

I stepped back and easily dodged Judith's slap. I grabbed her wrist and slapped her twice on her face instead.

"How dare you curse at me? Just blame your loser son for being too weak to survive a car crash!"

Her eyes widened in disbelief. She huffed and puffed, provoked by my remarks.

I pointed at my bandaged forehead. "Stop staring at me like that! I'm having a headache. What if I lose my mind the next minute and remove Grayson's breathing tube?"

Fuming, Judith tried to lay a hand on me, but I wasn't about to take it silently. I gathered all my energy and slapped her.

The doctors and nurses hurriedly separated us. They couldn't afford to see another old lady sent into the surgery room when Grayson was still in surgery.

"You can always sleep on your marital arguments. Besides, your husband is still in the emergency room…"

"Yeah, young lady, you are too harsh."

Gritting my teeth, I retorted, "Yeah, sleep on it—that's what I'm doing! He showed up with a bunch of people to beat me up this morning just so he could marry his mistress! Serves him right to be run over by a car!"

Those who were trying to talk me out immediately shot Judith disdainful looks. They, too, agreed that Grayson deserved his fate.

The driver who caused the accident, James Lieberman, had been standing at the side in silence. Now, he started to punch the wall in anger, saying, "I can't believe I've run over such a massive dick! What rotten luck!"

Eyes shining in expectation, I went up and clasped his hands. 

Shaking his hands, I said, "I apologize to you on my husband's behalf. He should have picked a better way to die—he shouldn't have gotten you involved in this and jinxed you."

James seemed taken aback by my enthusiasm. It took him a while to utter, "Um, ma'am, you're welcome…"

Judith's eyes rolled over, and she fainted from anger in the face of my unrestrained vitriol. The doctors looked at each other before quietly sending her for medical treatment.

The emergency room sign had been turned off at that moment. The surgeon removed his face mask to reveal a troubled expression.

With a grin, I held his hand happily. "Doctor, please do not blame yourself. You can't revive the dead. All that matters is you gave it your best."

The surgeon withdrew his hand from my grasp. "The patient has been saved."

Surprised at Grayson's will to live, I quietly withdrew my hand.

The surgeon added, "But we don't know if he'll ever wake up from the coma. His family needs to take good care of him…"

I turned around and left before the surgeon could finish his speech. 

He tried to stop me. "Where are you going?"

"I'm off to pick up his mistress. She'll be taking care of him."

