---
layout: novel
titleO: "Learning to Be Without You"
title: "Learning to Be Without You"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 378
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-19 15:09:05"
rating: 4.8
rating_count: 105
---

Chapter 1
"Mom, Dad. I've made my decision. I'm ready to return and take over the family business." Yvette Sutton shared the news to Liam Sutton and Lily Harper. 

On the other end of the line, she could hear their excitement from her decision.

They knew her boyfriend, Zachary Lawson, didn't know her true identity. They asked excitedly, "Will your boyfriend be coming with you? You haven't told him the truth, have you?"

"No, I'll end things with him." At the mention of Zachary, Yvette's tone turned gentle. "I'll finish everything up here in a week."

Yvette chatted with her parents for a while and soon ended the call. Then she headed back to the private room.
 
The room was bustling with excitement. Conversations momentarily halted as she opened the door, but she pretended not to notice and beelined to Zachary.
 
He shifted his focus slightly from the conversation he was having to glance at Yvette, who sat quietly next to him. He asked in a relaxed and casual tone, "Sweetheart, why did that call take so long?"
 
Just as she was about to respond, another voice interrupted. There were no Fianians in the room, yet the person spoke in Fianese, "Zach, when do you and Jasmine plan to get married?"
 
Hearing this, Yvette's grip on her cup tightened, her fingers turning white. 

Meanwhile, Zachary stayed as calm as ever. He looked at her and responded in Fianese, "Her family arranged a date for two weeks from now."

When he spoke, all eyes immediately shifted to Yvette.
 
One of his friends arched an eyebrow and asked curiously, "So, if you're marrying Jasmine, what does that mean for Yvette? Are you ending things with her?"
 
Zachary shook his head and replied, "We won't break up." 

He swirled the wine in his glass, took a sip, and added, "The marriage is just to satisfy my family's wish. Yve is the only one I truly care about."
 
The moment he made that comment, the private room filled with laughter as everyone began to exchange teasing jabs. "Zach, when did you start believing in true love? With such a huge difference in status, are you sure she's the one for you?"
 
He glanced at Yvette, his gaze overflowing with warmth and fondness. He stayed silent, but his loving gaze answered their questions.

Observing how love-struck he was, someone remarked in astonishment, "Looks like he's truly smitten. But tell me, does she really not understand Fianese?"
 
The question was posed lightly, yet it triggered a wave of laughter from the others. "Yvette's family is having a tough time financially. How could she afford to learn such an obscure language? Rest assured, she definitely doesn't understand it."

Their laughter echoed around her. But no one saw the shift in Yvette as her fingers clenched tightly around the wine glass.
 
She didn't reveal that she could understand Fianese. After all, she wasn’t exactly from humble beginnings. She was the only daughter of the world's wealthiest man.

After five years of being together, Zachary treated her so well that she could do as she pleased. Yet he had never introduced her to his family. 

Initially, she assumed he was wary due to the difference in their social standings, given that the Lawsons were a well-known affluent family in Harville.

Yvette had already resolved to reveal her identity to him. As the sole daughter of the world's wealthiest man, she had chosen to keep her identity a secret and venture out on her own to gain experience.

She didn't want to be coddled and remain under her parents' protection forever.
 
However, destiny had a harsh surprise in store. 

Just three days earlier, she stumbled upon a wedding invitation in his office. The bride was a woman from the Anderson family, and the groom was Zachary!
 
While he was murmuring endearments to her, he had already agreed to the arranged marriage his family had set up.
 
As he was whispering sweet nothings to her, he was actually getting ready to wed a woman deemed socially suitable and chosen by his family.

At that moment, she realized there was nothing else that needed to be said. From that point forward, he would marry, and she would take over her family's business. They both had promising futures ahead.
 
After several drinks, the group was thoroughly enjoying their conversation. As the sky darkened, they concluded their gathering and got ready to go separate ways. 

Yvette joined the others as they left the private room.
 
But after only a few steps, an unfamiliar voice called out to her from behind. "Ms. Sutton!"


