---
layout: novel
titleO: "No More Tears: Watch My Ex Beg as I Rise"
title: "No More Tears: Watch My Ex Beg as I Rise"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 272
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-19 15:09:05"
rating: 3.9
rating_count: 57
---

Chapter 1
Giselle's Point-of-View

I was mid-pitch, standing at the lectern and breaking down the marketing strategy for our latest product, when Caleb Smith walked into the conference room with his first love, Winona Lindell. 

He cut the meeting short, guiding Winona to stand before the assembled crowd. He then put his arm around Winona's waist and announced, "Winona will assume the role of sales director and will be responsible for overseeing all projects from today onward."

My colleagues stared at me in astonishment. I was the current sales director.

Three years ago, the company bled funds. Caleb had appeared conveniently forgotten who took to Galeport with red eyes, swallowing their pride to plead for clemency from vendors. 

He had forgotten who offered their own home as collateral just to meet payroll; who it was that, when the whole team lost faith, worked alone on revisions until 3:00 am, fueled by stale bread.

Caleb said, "You're worthless now that I'm done with you."

"What do you mean?" I asked, my expression hardening.

Caleb, with an impassive expression, withdrew his hand from Winona's waist. "Winona is better suited to this role. She's a graduate of Acadia Business School and can provide us with the global perspective we need in the company."

My anger boiled over into amusement. 

Winona was the so-called top student. Three years ago, the Smith family was almost out of money. She had dumped Caleb and left abroad that very night. 

Later, she would post pictures of her new boyfriend, claiming she was fortunate to have cut her losses and finally found her true love.

I was there to witness Caleb fall from his pedestal, transforming into an outcast that everyone was quick to avoid. I watched him drink heavily in the darkest recess of various bars, unable to even cover his expenses. 

I had admired him since I was in university, so it was hard seeing him sprawled helplessly on the cold floor.

I immediately mortgaged the only house I owned and handed him all the money. I stood by him, living in a cramped basement studio, eating instant mac and cheese with him, and accompanying him as he begged for clients, door after door.

I gave up three years of my life just so he could get back on his feet.

Winona, nestling in Caleb's embrace, murmured sweetly, "Caleb and I just had a few misunderstandings back then. The fact of the matter is I've always been in love with him." 

Then, she turned to me and said, "I should really thank you for looking after Caleb, but since I'm here now, your services are no longer required."

As I watched her pretentious smile and heard her casually brush aside my three years of effort, I could no longer suppress the fury blazing within me. I instantly raised my hand and delivered a stinging, resounding slap across her face. 

Winona shrieked before scrambling to take cover behind Caleb.

At that moment, several people in the conference room immediately surged forward and held me back.

Caleb examined Winona's cheek, then he turned on me. He yelled, "Have you lost your mind? How could you slap her, Giselle?"

I shook off my colleagues' grasp and massaged my wrist. "Who was there for you when the Smith Group was on the verge of bankruptcy, Caleb? Who was the one who risked their entire net worth for your sake? How could you replace me for the very woman who walked out on you, Caleb?"

I looked straight into his eyes and continued, "You told me that I amounted to nothing the moment you didn't need me. Does that mean me, my years, my wealth, and everything I sacrifice for you also means nothing to you?"

Caleb, shielding Winona with his body, fixed me with a frigid gaze. "You ought to know that our relationship is purely that of an employer and employee. You perform your duties, and I pay your wages—no more, no less."

He hesitated for a moment before adding, "We have no relationship whatsoever beyond that, Giselle."

That remark hit me like a ton of bricks.

I suddenly recalled last winter, the day I was stuck at home, sick with a fever. 

Caleb showed up at 10:00 pm with a bowl of chicken noodle soup. He pressed his forehead to mine to check my temperature and whispered hoarsely, "You shouldn't push yourself too hard, Giselle. The Smith Group can't manage without you, and… I'm really worried about you, too."

I recalled the night he landed our first order. As he was intoxicated, he clutched onto me tightly and kept whispering, "You're all I have left, so please don't abandon me, Giselle."

Caleb and I never made it home that evening. We spent the night together at a hotel, where he showered me with kisses, proclaiming that I was his own personal good luck charm.

Yet, the following morning, once the alcohol wore off, Caleb dressed in his suit and immediately resumed his persona as the aloof, composed CEO of the Smith Group. He made no mention of a relationship, never voiced affection, and definitely never brought me to meet his friends or family.

I had always convinced myself that he simply wasn't ready for a relationship, but the devastating truth was that he simply had no intention of choosing me at all.

