---
layout: novel
titleO: "He Cashed Me Out—Now He's Bankrupt"
title: "He Cashed Me Out—Now He's Bankrupt"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 96
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-20 15:02:56"
rating: 4
rating_count: 50
---

Chapter 1


When my boyfriend, Simon Cook, said he wanted to get married and asked me to wear a wedding dress to the annual party, I thought he finally wanted to marry me.

I wore the most dazzling wedding dress, held a bouquet, and told everyone at the company about our love for each other.

Suddenly, his frail secretary, Tiffany Simmons, rushed out and threw coffee on me. "You shameless hag! You only closed a deal worth hundreds of millions, and now you dare to steal my husband? You slut, I'll tear you apart!"

My boyfriend, who always cared about company rules, didn't defend me at all. Instead, he handed my project to Tiffany, stating that it was because I had violated the company's rules.

Everyone looked at me with pity, thinking I was going to make a scene.

However, I didn't kick up a fuss. I just threw my work ID at Tiffany and said, "So, you're the CEO's wife. I've offended you, so take this director's role as a wedding gift from me."

Simon didn't know that this multi-million-dollar deal was forcibly given to me by my father.

Now that I had resigned as the project leader, the deal wouldn't be the only thing to fall through. The company would also break the contract, go bankrupt, and owe a substantial amount of money.

My coworkers quickly tried to stop me.

One said, "Sienna, don't act on impulse. You knew Mr. Cook had a girlfriend, but you still showed up in a wedding dress. You're the one who didn't have any respect for yourself."

The other added, "Mr. Cook only took one project from you. He didn't even fire you. That's already very magnanimous of him."

After hearing that, I snapped back to my senses and turned to look at Simon.

"So, was this your true purpose?" I questioned.

Simon and I had been secretly dating for seven years. Every time I mentioned marriage, he gave me many excuses.

Thus, I was confused when I got his proposal message yesterday.

At work, he always acted coldly toward me to avoid suspicion and never favored me. I had already considered it a miracle that he hadn't singled me out. So, why would he want to propose to me at the company's annual party?

Now, when I saw Tiffany leaning on his shoulder and smiling proudly, I finally understood that the proposal was fake. He just wanted me to make a mistake so he could hand the project over to Tiffany without any trouble.

Simon really went all out. He was willing to risk our reputations and ruin the annual party just to help Tiffany's career.

As soon as I questioned him, the atmosphere around us became strange. Everyone looked at us, confused. They felt like something more was going on between Simon and me than just a regular working relationship.

Simon noticed it too. He tapped the table three times with a displeased expression and said coldly, "Sienna, is this how you talk to your boss? Everyone can see you're flirtatious, lack self-respect, and have low self-esteem. Have I wrongly accused you?"

Tapping the table three times was our secret signal. It meant he was about to say something harsh to keep appearances, and that I shouldn't take it to heart.

For seven years, I allowed him to berate and belittle me in front of others for the sake of protecting his reputation.

If he hadn't openly protected Tiffany today, I would have just endured it again. However, why should I be the one who always kept quiet, while Tiffany could do whatever she wanted?

All my bottled-up anger suddenly exploded at that moment.

I was about to put my foot down and hand in my resignation when Tiffany took off her coat, revealing that she was also wearing a wedding dress.

She pulled out a watch and handed it to Simon. Her eyes were tear-filled as she said, "Simon, this watch… I bought it with all my savings. Even if I have to live off simple food for a while after this, I don't care. I just want to give you the best, for you deserve it.

"I love you, Simon. Will you marry me?"

Everyone gasped in surprise. They praised Simon for being blessed—not only did the woman propose, but she also gave him a gift.

However, anyone could see that the watch only cost a few thousand dollars.

Still, Simon's eyes reddened with emotion. He smiled and nodded, his eyes slightly misted over. "Tiffany, that's really thoughtful of you, but a proposal should come from us men. I can't let you spend your money like that."

As he said this, he immediately transferred 200 thousand dollars to Tiffany as a make-up gift. Then, he asked someone to buy a diamond ring so he could propose properly once more.

