---
layout: novel
titleO: "Trapped in a Pig's Body"
title: "Trapped in a Pig's Body"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 507
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-20 15:02:56"
rating: 3.9
rating_count: 116
---

Chapter 1
"I've been busy with work recently, so let Lulu spend more time with you, alright, Juni?" asked my brother, Howard Lowe, as he carried a micro pig wearing a pink dress into my room and presented it to me.

My childhood friend, Draco Shoebridge, placed down some pet supplies. Then, he said jokingly, "Howard went through a lot of effort to buy you this micro pig, Juniper, so you have to raise it well."

When he saw my stunned face, Howard assumed that I was shy and attempted to stuff the micro pig into my arms.

I jolted and reflexively tried to push it away, almost falling down in the process.

However, Howard did not even glance at me. Instead, he subconsciously protected the pig.

Seeing that it had just been a close call, Draco complained, "Howard kindly gave you a gift, Juniper. What's with that attitude of yours? You almost made Lulu fall!"

I could not help but sneer at their anxious looks.

In my past life, I felt glad to finally have a place to call home after my wealthy parents found me and reintroduced me to the family.

However, after their adopted daughter—Jenny Lowe—realized that she was going to be sent away, she jumped off a building out of grief and anger. As a result, she ended up in a vegetative state.

Back then, not only had Howard not taken his anger out on me, but he had even bought me a micro pig—an animal I had liked for a long time.

I was so grateful for the gift that I even slept with it at night. I hoped to develop a bond with it.

However, in shocking contrast to its previous obedient behavior, it bit me viciously.

I did not want to cause trouble for my family, so I went to get myself vaccinated. However, I came back to a completely changed room.

My pillows and blanket had been torn to shreds. They were also covered in feces.

The new clothes in my closet had become nothing but rags and were scattered all over the floor.

Even the family photo frame by my bedside had been smashed to pieces.

The moment I opened the door and walked into my room, I saw Lulu glaring vehemently at me. The corners of its mouth were lifted in a strange arc, and it bit the head of my plush toy as if in provocation.

I broke out in a cold sweat and could not help but scream.

Howard came running at the sound of the commotion, but when I told him what I saw, he did not believe a word of it.

Even Draco looked speechlessly at me and said, "Lulu's so cute, though. How could it be as evil as you say? You definitely did this on your own while sleepwalking and decided to lay the blame on Lulu!"

I was still going to try to explain myself when Howard suddenly said that if I did not like Lulu, I could give it away after my birthday.

However, who would have expected that on my birthday, Draco would place my old necklace around Lulu's neck after helping me put on a new, custom-made luxury necklace? He was doing it to Lulu, who lived and ate under the same roof as me.

Soon after that, I began to feel dizzy.

The next time I woke up, I discovered that I had actually swapped bodies with Lulu. I was also tied to a cutting board and waiting to be disemboweled.

My eyes bulged, and I wanted to cry out for help, but I realized that I could only squeal like a pig.


Chapter 2
I only realized the truth the moment I was about to die.

It turned out that after Jenny jumped off a building and ended up in a vegetative state, her soul had attached itself to a micro pig.

Everything Howard and Draco had done was for the sake of swapping my life with hers.

One person was my biological older brother, and the other one was the childhood friend I had grown up with. I had really been blind to their true colors!

I trembled with anger at the thought of this. Suppressing my rage, I stated coldly, "If you guys like it, you can raise it yourself. Either way, I'm not raising it!"

When Howard saw how resolute I was, he did not insist.

However, he said that they would be fostering the micro pig at home for a few days and only send it away once they had found it a new owner.

Considering that it was going to be my birthday soon, it seemed that the two of them were determined to turn me into a sacrifice for Jenny!

Their schemes might fall through this time, though!

Even though I had been reborn, I still had not figured out what the key to the body-swap had been in my past life.

Was it my birthday, the necklace, or the fact that we had lived together?

I could not act rashly before I figured this out. Otherwise, I might still fall prey to their schemes.

However, Jenny, who was possessing the micro pig, was still as unrelenting in this life as she had been in the last one.

Even though I locked my bedroom door after me all the time, she would still find a way to sneak in.

Not only did she make a mess of my room like in my past life, but she even unearthed my precious calligraphy painting and peed all over it.

That was the only copy my mentor had given me, and it instantly made me so furious that I wanted nothing more than to tear her apart!

I knew that she had done it on purpose to get back at me for stealing her things, but all of this had been mine in the first place!

Instead of screaming in terror like I had in my previous life, I sneered.

When she was not paying attention, I seized the opportunity to grab her by one of her short legs and lift her into the air.

She instantly squealed in fear.

Just as I was about to give her a harsh kick, Howard came running into the room, having heard the commotion. He snatched Jenny from me and shielded her in his arms.

"Didn't I tell you that we're going to give it away in a few days? What are you doing?" he asked accusingly.

Draco walked in as well. He saw Jenny hiding in Howard's arms. She was whimpering pitifully and trembling all over.

He immediately started yelling furiously at me without even asking what had happened. "You're an adult, Juniper Lowe! Why do you have to bully a small animal? What did it ever do to you?"

As he yelled at me, he comforted Jenny with a look of distress on his face. "Look at it. You've scared it so much it's trembling!"

In my past life, Howard and Draco had been like this as well. They protected her without hesitation, even though she had turned into a pig.

In this life, Jenny hid in Howard's arms with a smug look on her face and shot me a challenging look.

I tossed my destroyed calligraphy painting in front of Howard and Draco. I was consumed with anger and resentment. Then, I pointed at my messy bedroom.

I roared, "When exactly did you see me bullying it? On the contrary, it was the one who destroyed my room and precious collection for no reason whatsoever! It even peed everywhere! It must be in heat!

"I don't think we need to find it a new owner anymore. Let's just send it to a breeder instead, and maybe that will actually get it to calm down!"

Of course, I knew that there was no way Howard and Draco would agree to send Jenny for breeding.

However, seeing the disgust on their faces would at least give me some satisfaction!

As expected, Jenny trembled with fright the moment the words left my mouth.

Howard was startled at first. Then, he looked at me disbelievingly. "Where did you learn these ridiculous things from, Juni? I'm so disappointed in you!"

Draco was furious as well. "Are you mental, Juniper? Lulu's only a few months old, but you want to send it off for breeding! Where's your humanity?

"Besides, it was obviously you who didn't put your things away properly and deliberately framed Lulu! You're just like a damn shrew!"

Chapter 3
Draco continued, "Jenny behaves more like a young lady of the Lowe family than you—"

The moment those words left his mouth, Howard glared vehemently at him.

Having also realized that he had misspoken, Draco left the room. He slammed the door behind him.

I knew that all the tolerance and restraint they were showing was for the sake of swapping Jenny's soul for mine and thus getting her back.

It was a pity that I had been too blind to see through their act in my past life.

However, I was determined to put on an equally good performance for them in this life!

Over the next few days, Jenny quieted down a lot. She obediently stayed in the room that Howard had arranged for her and did not cause any more trouble.

It was likely that she really was afraid of me carrying her off to a breeder.

How could I possibly let her off so easily, though?

I secretly visited a pig farm and obtained more than a dozen packets of sow hormone boosters. Then, I added them to the meals that Howard prepared for Jenny.

The owner of the pig farm assured me that the boosters would greatly accelerate a pig's maturity. Even a micro pig that weighed only a few dozen pounds after reaching adulthood would be able to experience rapid weight gain and enter estrus.

A plump and healthy pig would naturally be more lovable in people's eyes.

After all, I had already prepared a mysterious birthday gift for Jenny, so she should certainly take care of herself until then.

As expected, Jenny visibly gained weight, and her body became plump.

Howard would watch over her whenever he had the time as he was scared I would do something to her.

The night before my birthday, I went to the kitchen to find something to eat as I had gotten hungry in the middle of the night.

However, as soon as I took a bite, I felt that something was off.

The sandwiches I had made during the day had obviously not gone bad yet, but they tasted strange, and even the fruit juice had a strong fishy odor to it.

I hurriedly rinsed my mouth as my anger shot through the roof.

Jenny had to be the one behind this! I was going to settle the score with her!

I rushed toward the door of her room only to hear Howard's voice coming from inside. "Just endure it for a little longer, Jenny. I'll definitely help you get everything back!

"Back then, I secretly swapped you with Juniper because I was afraid that you would have to suffer alongside our mother. I never expected our parents to actually find her and bring her back.

"I know you've been miserable during this period of time. Once tomorrow's over, you'll be able to exchange bodies with Juniper and become a normal human again! That bitch will also disappear, so you'll have sole claim to the position of daughter of the Lowe family!"

I was incredibly shocked.

I had been wondering why Howard wanted to harm me so badly. It seemed like he was possessed as well.

It turned out that he was my father's illegitimate son, and Jenny shared the same mother as him.

I seethed in anger, wanting nothing more than to rush into the room and tear those bastard siblings apart.

However, I knew that I had to endure it for now or risk disrupting the revenge plot I had planned for tomorrow.

After waking up the next day, I discovered that the layout of the house had changed the moment I stepped out of the bedroom.

Howard was holding a bouquet of fresh flowers and a cake. His smiling face was a stark contrast to his usual cold expression.

"Today's your 18th birthday as well as your first birthday since your return to the Lowe household, Juni," he said. "Our parents are abroad and can't come back for your birthday, so I specially prepared a birthday party for you. I hope you like it."

Draco, who was also nearby, could not hide the expectation and excitement on his face. "I also prepared a gift for you. I hope you'll experience a special 18th birthday."

The two of them had also said the same thing in my previous life.

I had been so touched that I was a crying mess back then.

However, I only felt a chill in my heart in this life.

It was probably not my birthday that they were looking forward to celebrating, but Jenny's new life.

Seeing their eager looks, I forced a smile and pretended to respond positively to their words. "Alright, but since you want to help me celebrate my birthday, how could you not buy my favorite premium diamond chocolate cake? How about you go and buy it for me now, Howard?"

Upon hearing my words, Howard looked as if he was about to reluctantly call for delivery, but I quickly stopped him.

Chapter 4
I plastered a disappointed look on my face and asked coquettishly, "Could it be that you're still blaming me for what happened two days ago, Howard? You can't even be bothered to buy the cake yourself."

Howard was dumbfounded. In the end, he had no choice but to helplessly agree to my request.

I smiled pretentiously, then used the same method to coax Draco into going to the city suburbs to pick up a dress I said I was going to wear for my birthday today.

In both cases, it would take several hours to get to the location and back, which was more than enough time for me.

Howard and Draco returned from what should have been a three-hour drive within two hours.

They even entered the house together, which probably meant that they had been plotting against me during the journey.

As soon as they crossed the threshold, Draco urged me to get changed into my dress. His gaze kept drifting subconsciously toward the necklace I was wearing.

Seeing that I was dawdling, Howard could not hold it in anymore. "Hurry up, Juni. Draco has a surprise for you. As you know, he has a sharp tongue but a soft heart, so don't keep holding a grudge over what happened before. After all, he started preparing your birthday gift three months in advance."

I could not help but sneer inwardly at the sight of them backing each other up.

Instead of preparing my birthday gift in advance, it would be more accurate to say that he was preparing to swap my soul with Jenny's!

In my previous life, I had been completely blindsided by this gift. I had allowed Draco to help me put on the new, custom-made necklace he had prepared and put my old necklace around the micro pig's neck.

Howard had even commented jokingly from the sidelines that Draco was aiming to be the Lowes' son-in-law.

I had been so immersed in my happiness at the time that I had not noticed the disgust in Draco's eyes.

After my old necklace had been switched for the new one, I fainted and woke up in the micro pig's body.

In this life, despite knowing what they were scheming, I still obediently changed into the dress.

It only took me a few minutes to change, but it was enough to make Draco so anxious that he took to pacing outside my door.

The moment I finished changing and stepped out, his expression changed immediately, and he asked, "Where's your necklace?"

I played along and deliberately pretended to be surprised. "Oops. Maybe I accidentally dropped it under the bed while changing just now—"

Before I even finished speaking, Draco rushed into my bedroom and started searching under my bed. He completely disregarded how he might look to others.

After locating it, he gave me his birthday wishes, but they sounded extremely perfunctory.

He then placed the new necklace around my neck before excusing himself to go to the bathroom.

I knew that he was going to take my old necklace to Jenny and complete the last step in the soul swap, but I did not stop him.

Howard stared after Draco, looking like he wanted nothing more than to go with him.

However, nothing changed about me, even after waiting for a good while.

At that moment, Draco suddenly brought the necklace back.

He was sweating profusely because Jenny the micro pig was gone.

After Howard heard the news, he leaped up from his seat and started rummaging through the entire house.

My bedroom, in particular, was pretty much turned inside out.

Despite his efforts, there was still no trace of the micro pig.

When he saw me eating cake with a calm expression, Draco could not reign in his emotions any longer.

He rushed over, slapped me in the face, and roared angrily, "Did you throw Lulu out, Juniper? I already knew that you didn't like it, but it's a life we're talking about! How could you be so cruel?"

Seeing this, Howard quickly pulled Draco away and asked anxiously, "Draco was just too anxious, Juni. Please don't blame him for his outburst. Lulu's new owner will be here soon, though. Where did you take it? As long as you get it back in time, we won't blame you for it."

Even now, they were still trying to pull the wool over my eyes!

I slapped Draco back, putting all my strength into the blow, before asking with a sneer, "Are you crazy? When exactly did you see me throwing that pig away?"

Howard sighed lightly in relief upon hearing my answer.

I paused, then added, "It would be a pity to just throw such a plump pig away. Naturally, I found someone to slaughter, marinate, and roast it instead. Once it's done, you guys can try its meat, too! It'll definitely be delicious!"

