---
layout: novel
titleO: "My Lover is a Beast"
title: "My Lover is a Beast"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 532
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-22 15:02:33"
rating: 4.7
rating_count: 73
---

Chapter1

WINTER's POV

*Bella opens her eyes..* 

*THE END of the movie*

" I want my boobs to look like that girl when she transforms " Lisa whined.

" sadly you're not a vampire " she loves twilight movies. gosh it's so annoying. to be honest I felt bad for Jacob though. 

" uh correction I'm GLAD that I'm not a vampire "I said with confidently.

" yeah whatever "

suddenly front door flung open.

" ROSEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!"

I sighed, it's Jake, my elder Brother.

"Yes, my handsome brother how can I help you? "I said sarcastically, indeed.

" Did you do this?? "he said pointing at his pink hair.

I can't help but laugh so hard. I took a glance, he looks so mad, no not mad Furious.

" It's not funny Rose " he said icily.

My laugh died immediately " No, I'm not the one who did it " I'm being completely HONEST. I'm not the one who did that because I know Jake will be so mad if I do that. there's only one who can dare to do this. I look at Lisa.

she smiles innocently " honeybun you look so hot with that hair colour " she is Jake's mate so yeah.

Jake's eyes softened "Really? Baby girl? I look hot!".

Lisa nodded " yes honeybun " she smiles sheepishly.

" Okay, I will keep this hair colour for you baby girl. 

Wait what?? "You got to be kidding me! " I screamed. Like what the heck has just happened my old Jake is short tempered guy cold hearted and hate being pulled pranks on but wait what did I just see like what. He is so whipped.

Jake come to Lisa and kiss her which turns to be hot make out session. I cleared my throat.

Their eyes snapped at me." Jake, don't you have a meeting to attend? Remember? ".

that pulled Jake back to reality "Oh yeah, almost forgot about that"

I rolled my eyes playfully.

"Honeybun take care I love you. I'm going to miss you so mush " Lisa said

" Aww baby girl I'm going to miss you too. I will. You too baby girl call me if u need anything, I mean anything. I'll be here in less than a minute " Jake replied.

I rolled my eyes again. This couple really need to stop making mini titanic movie in front of me.

" Guys! HELLO I'm still here!! " I said.

Jake playfully glared at me and left after kissing Lisa again. honestly I feel jealous because of them I wish my mate was just like Jake. I started to daydreaming until I was brought back to reality by Lisa's fart.

I coughed dramatically ... " Help! Help! I can't breathe ... Help! " i grabbed Lisa hand

" Tell my dad, momma and my brother that they are the most wonderful family I could wish for " I said slowly closing my eyes.

" Hey it's not that smelly." she said while glaring at me playfully.

I opened my eyes back and smiled sheepishly.

Suddenly our stomach growled, we look at each other and laughed out loud. We're totally like sisters even though Lisa is my sister-in-law. Whenever this happen, we know what time it is...Its pizza time!!!

we ordered two pizza with different topping. I chose Hawaiian and Lisa chose peperoni cheese. While we were eating pizza front door opened.

" Hi button " my dad walked towards me and kissed my forehead.

I smiled at him, he is forty-five and my momma is Forty-four. He is my best friend  even though I'm eighteen, he still treats me like I'm seven years old. He is good looking for his age, dark brown eyes, slicked hair and I can still see his muscles. I'm so proud that he is my dad.

"Dad where is momma? "I asked.

"I'm here button "I heard a soft voice saying which instantly recognize as my momma's.

"Looks like you girls were fun "my dad said while looking at me and Lisa.

" Okay, You girls have fun. I have something to discuss with your momma "my dad said while taking my momma's hand and kissing her passionately while walking upstairs.

hee-hee "Discussion".

" I'm done. I think I'm going to go for ice skating " I said grabbing my skates. I walked out from my mansion aka house. I don't know but I prefer house than mansion. I have secret spot just for me to skate. I walked through the forest while making my way to my secret spot.

Suddenly, I was pushed against a tree. My eyes widen, When I saw a figure standing in front of me.     



Chapter2

Winter’ POV

My eyes widen, the figure standing in front of me is the most handsome and the hottest man I ever seen in my life. Perfect jaw line, those beautiful blue eyes, the lips, gosh those kissable lips, my face redden when I realize how close we are. 

"my angel " Damm, those deep voice is probably turn me on.

Then it hit me! He is my mate!

He is MY MATE!!!! I’m so happy. He is too perfect for me, I’m just a simple girl with black hair. I’m not tall, not so short either. I’m 5'5 and he's like probably 6'7 to tall but still I’m happy.  My wolf Frostbite is jumping inside, she wants to kiss him but it’s too early for kiss part though.

He keeps staring at me but not in creepy way but like in love way. " What's your name angel? " he started to break the silence.

" I’m Winter Rose White and you? " I tried my hardest not to stutter. He give a breath taking smile, those dimples aww. " That name is perfect for you my angel ", he compliment.

Gosh I swear I’m red as tomato right now.

" Tt-thank you sir ", he is probably older than me by the way he looks like he's in mid-twenties.

"Oh no need to call me that my love, my name is Logan Jenesen Wills. Call me Logan my love " I blushed.

Wait a minute, Logan? Jenesen? Wills? ... wait ...He is the most feared alpha. Everyone scared of him even though he is alpha. I heard he had a bad childhood making him turn in cold-hearted, he never believes in love. But what did I just heard he call me by the word that he HATE the most Love ?

"You're surely an angel my love " he said while taking my hands and kiss it.

Damm, he is surely a charming guy but what if he acts like this in front other girls thinking of him with other girls making my blood boiled. No way no NEVER EVER I let other girls flirt with him

gosh I’m started to act like crazy protective mate right now, am I ?

I was bring back to reality when I was being pulled to tight hug his face in the crook of my neck inhaling my scent.

"You smell amazing my love, I’m so happy you're my mate. Finally I met you my love ".

I can tell he is smiling right now, I’m so thankful to moon goddes for making him my mate. My stomach fills with butterflies I’m so happy like freaking happy.

"If you don’t mind me asking, how old are you? " while looking at my face intently.

" I’m 18, you? " I’m not lying that I’m curious about his age. He chuckled " I’m 28". He is 28 ?!? he looks younger than that age

" You look younger " I muttered causing him to chuckle again. I swear he is making me melt into puddle.

" Thank you, my love. Now how about we go to your house and meet your dad? I don’t want you to catch cold too", he asked politely and worried lacing his voice.

" S-ssure " dang it I failed miserably

He smiled again; he is making my heart melt. Logan take my hand and intertwined our fingers, I blushed and we walked back to the house.

We walked inside only to meet my big brother Jake and Lisa kissing in the living room. I swear these guys need a room. 

I cleared my throat, 

They look at me and Jake eyes instantly widen, woah is Logan that scary?

"Hi Jake, um... where is momma and dad? " I asked to break the awkward silence.

Jake eyes wider when he looks at our intertwined fingers. "Uh, he at his office " he replied with scared face this is first time I saw it.

"Okay thanks " I looked at Logan his eyes instantly softened when he looked back in my eyes. I smiled at him. 

"Let's go”, he nodded. We walked to my dad office until we reached two big brown doors. I knocked and get a respond right after my third knock.

"Come in", my dad said in business tone. We walked into the office, my dad face lifted to meet me and Logan. 

His eyes widen just like Jake. What’s with these people? Is he that scary?

"Nice to meet you Mr Wills ..um.. what can I do for you? Is there any problem? " 

dad tried to cover his scared face with his casual tone.

" Actually no Mr joseph, I just come to tell you that I’ve met my mate and she is your daughter ", Logan said calmly.

My dad eyes widen again. He looked between me and Logan and finally he accepted the reality. 

"Are you sure Mr Wills?", my dad asked

" Yes, I’m 100 percent sure Mr Joseph", he replied proudly.

" well, I’m happy for you Mr wills and you my button. Congratulations for both of you", he replied while stand up walked toward me and kiss my forehead. 

" I’m happy for you my button ", he whispered at me.

I smile genuinely, to be honest I’m scared that my dad will not approve our relationship, but it turns out to be great. He always said to me that he will do anything to make his button happy. I’m glad he is my dad. 

"well let’s go and tell our other family member " my dad said excitedly. We walked out from the office and went to the family living room. 

I saw my momma, Jake, Lisa at there waiting for us as soon as we enter the family living room, they had their worried face.

"Listen here my dear family. We have a great news; our Rose have met her mate and her mate is Mr Wills ". My dad said proudly.

Three of them eyes widen, and mouth hang open but quickly replacing it with happy face.

"Aww my button already met her mate, I’m so happy for you my baby Rose, My momma said while hugging me. 

" Congrats lil sis, I’m happy for you ", Jake said.

" Gurl you are soo lucky and I’m happy for you rose", while hugging me. They are the best family I’ve could eve wish for.

"My love will you come and live with me in my territory?" Logan asked

I looked at him, am I? yes! Are you crazy, of course I want to live with my hot mate. "Yesss!" I exclaimed and his face light up then he started to kiss my cheeks. I blushed; all of my family member shocked at what my Logan did. My Logan huh? Yup, he is My Logan.

They clapped happily, my momma and Lisa help me packing up my things and the guys have boys talk at living room.

"Please take care my button, I’m going to miss you rose. Please don’t hesitate to call us for anything. Just be careful, I know he is your mate but please wherever you're please be careful", my momma started cry while hugging me tightly.

"Okay momma I will" try to make her feel relief.  They bring down my two-luggage bag and the boys looked at us. We said our goodbyes and I walked to Logan's black Mercedes car. Logan filled his car trunk with my luggage bag and hopped into driver seat. 

He looked at me and kiss my left cheek.

" Ready? " he asked

I blushed, "ready as I ever be" I smile and kiss his cheeks back he smile widen and started the car engine. 

Let’s begin my new journey. 

                                                                                                              
Chapter3

Winter’s POV

After two hours of drive, we stopped in front of a mansion. It was bigger than my dad's, he's surely loaded. 

"Finally, we are here. I hope you like it, my angel" while kissing my forehead.

I heard Logan say something to the servants but didn't get it. I just shrugged, hopping out of the car. We went inside the mansion.

I looked around in awe, the living room is big with modern décor. I instantly fell in love with it.

" My angel do you ... um ... like it? "Logan asked with worried face

" I don't like it ..." Logan face fell but I wasn't finished yet "I LOVE IT ".

Logan face instantly light up and kissing both my cheeks and pinching my left cheek slightly

" you little angel really love to tease me" he said. I giggled and rubbing my left cheek. Only if he knew, I will be pulling a lot of pranks on him. I laugh an "evil laugh" in my head since I can't prank Jake any more he will be my target. Wait and see my dear Logan.

"I'll show you our room" Logan said taking my hand. We went upstairs. When he opened two big doors, I saw the most modern and elegant master bedroom ever. There's a king size bed, 60' LED TV, walk-in closet, walking up to the balcony I saw perfect view of the forest. I can even see the waterfall near the mansion. I will go there with Logan, I made a note to myself.

" So? "Logan said while watching my reaction me carefully.

I instantly wrapped him in a tight hug and kissed his lips. Oh My God, the sparks are everywhere. Quickly recovering from the shock, Logan kissed me back. I wrapped my arms around his neck while Logan placed his hands on my hips. I don't know what happened to me. Suddenly, I had an urge to kiss him. It was my FIRST KISS.

Our lips moved in sync, kissing each other possessively. We stopped when both of us were breathless. Logan was smiling.

"That's was... amazing my Love um" Logan and I started to blush.

"This was my first kiss". Wait. What? Did I just hear it right?

"Yes, this was my first kiss "Logan repeated it with more confident.

Whoa so that's mean it's our first Kiss? I never thought the most feared alpha NEVER shared a kiss with anyone. I thought he already kissed or maybe even lost his virginity but this really surprised me, making me blushed harder.

"It's my first kiss too "I replied shyly

"But I though you already might have kissed someone before me" I said with jealousy and curiosity laced tone.

I felt a hand on my cheek. I looked up to meet him beautiful blue eyes.

"I never kissed anyone before" He sighed "because I don't believe in love even though Love can't be the reason for me not to kiss other women. I just don't like to do it ".

I can see there's more to it but he doesn't continues. It must be part of his horrible childhood. It's okay, maybe he will open up to me when he is ready to tell me. So, I just dropped it.

"Well actually, I'm more than happy to be your first "I chirped trying to lighten up his mood.

"And last "Logan finished the sentence for me. I giggled and we share quick kiss before we head to the kitchen for dinner.

"My love, what do you want for dinner? "Logan asked.

How about ... spaghetti? "I suggested.

"Sure" Logan said taking out the spaghetti from cabinet and begin boiling it. I stopped him. He looked at me, giving me a confused look.

"Let me do it. You can sit and watch me cook "I said. He still had his confused look before he handed me the apron. Logan sat on a kitchen stool, watching my every move but still had the confused face.

"You must be tired from the driving. So I am making dinner" I explained quietly. I really wanted to help him in any way as long as it's make him happy. I didn't want him to remember the horrible past. I wanted him to forget it or maybe throw it in corner of his mind and only remember happy memories.

After the dinner, we went to the living room and starting watching a movie. I sat on the L–shaped couch watching "Legend (2015) ".Logan placed his head on my lap and begin to play with my hair. I smiled and looked down and kissed his nose. Logan smiled.

" I love your hair. They are so soft "he complimented. I furiously blushed.

"Thank you handsome" quickly covered my mouth with my hand.

Logan chuckled. He removed my hand and kissed it. 

"You're adorable, my angel "Logan and kissed me. I smiled in the kiss.

We continue to watch the movie. Few minutes in to the movie, I started dozing off. I felt someone carrying me in bridal style. Soft mattress hit my back, I shifted to get comfortable in the bed while keeping my eyes closed. Then I felt Logan slowly slipping next to me, holding me closer to him in his arms and kissing my forehead, my cheeks and my lips. I snuggled into him and let darkness took over us.


 
















































