---
layout: novel
titleO: "Your Love Is Unwanted"
title: "Your Love Is Unwanted"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 538
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-22 15:02:33"
rating: 4.4
rating_count: 28
---

Chapter 1
"I need you to fake a private jet crash for me so that I can leave Ruben."

When Estelle Bowman made this request, her best friend, Cassie Klein, was so shocked that her jaw nearly dropped. She even wondered if she had misheard.

It felt just like the moment she first heard about their marriage.

It was a reunion between a poor woman from the mountains and the golden heir of Zorde City—two people from completely different worlds. No one could have imagined that they would end up together.

Speculation ran wild back then. Some believed Ruben Daye was just chasing a fleeting thrill.

Others thought he had an unattainable love, his true first love, and Estelle was merely a stand-in. Some even guessed that he had married her on a dare.

But after three years of marriage, Ruben proved through his actions that he had no ulterior motive. He married Estelle simply because he loved her—and he loved her to the point of madness.

Ruben had fallen for Estelle at first sight and pursued her relentlessly.

Beyond showering her with gifts, he donated billions in her name to various charities and built hope primary schools worldwide. Not to mention, they were all named "Stellar Academy".

He wanted everyone in the world to know Estelle and to be grateful to her. He hoped that if she ever struggled, a multitude of people would be ready to offer their support. 

Ruben even joined her in part-time jobs to spend more time with her, doing things like waiting tables, handing out flyers, sorting packages…

The heir who had never done a single chore in his entire life, had endured it all and worked alongside her for two years. Even his once slender, violin-playing hands became covered in callouses.

He finally won Estelle's heart with his sincerity. But their vastly different backgrounds meant his family strongly opposed their relationship.

Ruben endured 16 rounds of beatings from his family to gain his parents' approval. He had been beaten until his flesh was torn and bloodied, and scars still remained on his back.

When that still failed to change their minds, he gave up his inheritance entirely and started from scratch. It was all to ensure that no one could ever interfere with his choice of partner.

His friends in high society thought he had lost his mind. They never expected someone so calculating and shrewd to give up a fortune that could last generations all for a woman.

His family had no choice but to relent and approve the marriage. Then, Ruben replaced all his staff with men after their wedding.

Even though Estelle never asked for it, he reported his whereabouts down to the smallest detail. He even installed a tracking system so she could check in on him anytime.

The online community called it a fairytale romance—the ultimate victory for true love. He and Estelle were the hottest couple online for a time, even outshining A-list celebrities.

But no one, not even Estelle, knew that this perfect husband had actually secretly fathered a pair of twins with another woman and built an entirely separate family behind her back.

When Estelle learned the truth, the pain was so overwhelming that she got sick and fainted.

Ruben abandoned a business deal worth billions and rushed back to the country upon hearing the news. He stayed by her side for two days, caring for her without rest.

When Estelle woke up, he was sitting at her bedside with worry etched all over his face. He was even holding the IV tube in his hands to warm the liquid inside.

"Are you awake? You scared me to death," Ruben asked as he pressed her hand to his face. He was on the verge of tears.

He didn't even blink back when someone pointed a gun at his head in the middle of a business deal. But when he heard that Estelle had fainted, his legs nearly gave out from panic.

Seeing the worry and urgency in his eyes, Estelle felt as if her heart was being torn apart.

Such love couldn't be faked. She knew he truly loved her.

But was this same devoted man, who gazed at her with such tenderness, also looking at Louisa Todd that way? Had he whispered the same sweet words to her?

Louisa was Ruben's childhood friend and the woman he had cheated with.

When news spread that Ruben was pursuing Estelle, Louisa led a group to bully her at school. She showed up at Estelle's part-time workplace to humiliate her, sabotaged several of her jobs, and even hired thugs to assault her.

But just as they were about to strike, Ruben had arrived to confess his feelings.

He didn't hesitate to destroy the Todd family's business after that, even bankrupting them overnight. If his mother hadn't intervened, he would have had Louisa destroyed more than once.


Because she was unable to have children，Ruben's parents, who were already dissatisfied with her, had given her cold looks more than once because of this.

Estelle endured it because they were Ruben's parents, but Ruben refused to watch her suffer in silence.

He said to them coldly, "Estelle is the love of my life. The fact that she's willing to be with me is already the greatest blessing I could ask for.


"If you ever mistreat her over this, then we'll cut ties permanently. I don't need parents like the two of you."


That was why if Estelle hadn't seen the incriminating videos and the paternity test results with her own eyes, she would never have believed Ruben had cheated. And the worst part of it all? Their children were already a year old.

Estelle gently placed a hand over her stomach.

She shut her eyes and turned away with tears streaming down her face, soaking the pillow beneath her.

"Esther, the doctor has just examined you. Fortunately, you're fine."

Ruben pulled her into his arms. His voice sounded soft and soothing as he said, "Why are you crying all of a sudden? Who upset you? Tell me, and I'll take care of it."

Just then, Estelle caught a faint yet unfamiliar scent on him—a subtle trace of perfume mixed with the distinct smell of baby formula.

She suddenly shoved him away and lurched toward the side of the bed, retching violently.

Ruben gaze was filled with worry.  his instinctively cupped his hands under her lips to catch it. He was unconcerned if she threw up on him.

Estelle stared at him in a daze. She knew he had severe germophobia, yet he was willing to go this far for her. Even her clothes and shoes—every single piece—were personally hand-washed by him.

Ruben had loved her with everything he had for three years, and Estelle had loved him just as deeply. She simply couldn't imagine life without him.

At that moment, she even considered abandoning her principles. If Ruben was willing to cut Louisa off, maybe—just maybe—they could go back to how things used to be.

But his phone chimed the next second. He glanced at the screen, quickly got up, and said something about an urgent issue at work before hurrying out.

Half an hour later, Estelle received a message from Louisa. It was a photo. In it, Ruben was holding the twins, and his head was lowered as he kissed their foreheads.

That image shattered every last illusion she had left. After leaving the hospital, she went straight to Cassie's and asked her to fake a plane crash.

This was because she knew Ruben. He would never agree to a divorce, would never let her go, and he would only go completely insane.


Chapter 2
After leaving Cassie's place,Louisa sent her another video that was two and a half hours long.
 
In the video, Louisa wore nothing but lingerie, while Ruben was dressed in a sharp suit. The table beside them was littered with all kinds of stimulants.
 
The kitchen, the desk, or the entryway… They were all over the house, entangled in passion. Estelle had never seen this side of Ruben before—the way he lost control and was completely unrestrained.
 
Every scene cut through Estelle like a knife, but she forced herself to watch the entire thing as if she was punishing herself.
 
"Miss, it's time for your procedure. But… will you be okay to proceed in this condition?" the doctor asked with concern.
 
Only then did Estelle realize she was shaking uncontrollably, and her face was soaked in tears.
 
She wasn't just crying out of heartbreak. She cried because she finally understood that even after knowing Ruben had cheated, she still couldn't let go of her love for him.
 
He wasn't just an object she could discard at will. Removing him from her life felt like carving her own chest open and tearing her heart apart, leaving her bleeding and raw.
 
She wiped her tears away and made a decision. She'd give him one last chance.
 
Estelle then called Ruben to ask, "Where are you? I miss you. Can you come home?"
 
His voice was tense, as if he were holding something back. "Love, there's something important at work tonight… Uh!"
 
There was a muffled groan, followed by a sudden urgency in his tone. "I won't be coming home tonight!"
 
Then, he hung up.
 
Estelle froze. He had never, not once, hung up on her first. This was the first time.
 
A few minutes later, she took a deep breath, closed her eyes, and exhaled slowly. "I'm fine now. Let's proceed with the surgery."
 
That night, she dragged her exhausted body home. A message from Cassie awaited her. "Estie, everything is set. Execution in two days."
 
Estelle collapsed onto the bed. That entire night, she woke up in tears every time she drifted off.
 
In the early hours of the morning, she sat curled up in the darkness while hugging her knees, waiting for dawn.
 
Ruben finally returned early the next morning. He took off his coat, waited for the chill to fade from his body, and then walked over to embrace Estelle.
 
Opening his tablet, he pointed to an island on the screen. "Look, love,I just bought this island for you. On our wedding anniversary, I also plan to hold a grand banquet and invite everyone to celebrate with us!"
 
He spoke with excitement, only then realizing that Estelle hadn't said a single word since he walked through the door. A soft sob suddenly reached his ears.
 
He moved to face her, only to find her already in tears. "What's wrong?"
 
He had never seen Estelle cry like this before. His voice trembled with panic.
 
If Estelle felt even a fraction of sadness, Ruben felt a hundred times the pain. Her emotions would magnify within him, becoming overwhelming and inescapable.
 
Seeing her cry now, it felt as if someone had reached into his chest and twisted his heart.
 
"I'm fine," Estelle said as she avoided his hand. "Pregnant women get emotional sometimes. I just felt like crying."
 
"Really?" Ruben finally relaxed. "Then I'll stay home with you all day today, okay? Tell me what you want to eat, and I'll cook for you."
 
"There's no need. I have a class reunion at noon, and I'm visiting a few of my old teachers in the evening. You should go about your work."
 
Estelle then stood up. She knew this would likely be the last time she would be in this country. She wanted to see them one last time and say her silent goodbye before leaving for good.
 
Ruben was unwilling to let her go alone, so he insisted on coming with her. The moment the two of them stepped into the private room at the reunion, laughter erupted.
 
"I knew it! If Estelle was coming, Ruben would definitely follow. He's terrified she'll get lost!"
 
Ruben smiled in a good-natured way, taking the teasing in stride. He then personally handed out the gifts he had prepared for everyone, and gasps of astonishment filled the room.
 
"Oh my God! This is the latest full jewelry set from Tinselree! They're seven figures each! Mr. Daye, you always bring us such expensive gifts. I feel like we all got lucky that we know Estelle!"
 
Estelle had been well-liked in university, and the people in the room were all her close friends. Ruben had always made an effort to win them over. It was because when they were happy, Estelle would be happy too.
 
Everyone marveled at the power of love—how it had transformed the once-distant and unapproachable Ruben into a sunflower, warm and smiling at everyone he met.
 
"Estelle, you're so lucky to have a husband who loves you this much!"
 
Upon hearing that, Estelle didn't smile as she used to. Instead, she simply offered a polite, distant smile.
 
The room was filled with laughter and chatter when, suddenly, the door swung open.
 
Louisa stepped inside, draped in dazzling jewelry.
 
"Funny how no one thought to invite me to the class reunion. Weren't we all from the same class?"
 
Chapter 3
Louisa's arrival instantly dampened the atmosphere.

Yet, as if oblivious to the cold reception, she casually sat across from Estelle and glanced smilingly at the gifts in everyone's hands.

"Tinselree, huh? That's a well-known brand. But it seems none of you realize that I'm the founder."

Louisa was the founder of Tinselree?

Doubt flickered in everyone's minds. Her family had been bankrupted by Ruben years ago and was left with no footing in the country. How could she have possibly created such a luxury brand?

"Back then, my family did go through some hardships. But later, I met my husband. He invested billions and pulled countless strings to help me start my company two years ago. And not just one—he opened 26 stores for me."

As Louisa spoke, her gaze briefly, almost deliberately, flickered toward Ruben. It was all before she flashed a smug, taunting smile at Estelle.

Estelle's breath hitched. She suddenly recalled that Ruben had been incredibly overwhelmed with work two years prior. He had told her he was expanding the company's overseas market, which was why he had so much on his plate. But now she realized he had been busy setting up businesses for Louisa.

A searing pain shot through her chest, and Estelle clutched her heart before she could stop herself.

"What's wrong, love? Are you feeling unwell?" Ruben immediately stood up in alarm. "I'll call the doctor."

Louisa let out a cold laugh. "Estelle, Mr. Daye has practically been treating you like a delicate flower, yet you still look like you're on the verge of death."

The words had barely left her mouth when Ruben's expression darkened. He slapped her hard across the face without hesitation.

"Shut up and get out, or I'll make sure you never speak again."

Louisa covered her cheek. She let out a low scoff and stormed out of the private room while seething.

The atmosphere quickly returned to its previous liveliness after Louisa left, but Estelle remained pale.

Ruben was worried as he clasped her hands tightly. "Love, what's wrong? The doctor will be here soon."

Estelle pushed his hands away. "I'm fine. I just need to use the restroom. Don't follow me."

As soon as she stepped into the hallway, Louisa blocked her path.

Louisa sneered. "Don't think that just because Ruben hit me for you means you're that important to him. I gave birth to his twins, so his heart is already shifting toward me. If I say my children have a fever, do you believe he'll come running straight to me?"

When Estelle returned to the private room, Ruben's expression was visibly anxious.

He walked over and kissed her forehead. "Love, I have an urgent matter at the company. I've spoken to the manager, and everything will be on my tab. Stay and enjoy yourself with your friends."

Estelle tightly gripped his sleeve. "Didn't you say you'd stay with me today? Please, stay."

Gazing into her eyes, which held both a plea and strange calmness, Ruben felt a prickle of anxiety. He couldn't shake the feeling that leaving at that moment would cost him something precious.

Even so, Louisa said the twins were sick. They were his flesh and blood, so he had to see them.

In the end, he gently pried her fingers off, one by one. "Love, I promise I'll be back tonight, okay?"

Estelle took a deep breath. So it was true that his heart had already shifted.

Half an hour later, Louisa sent her a video. Even though she already knew what she was about to see, Estelle's hands trembled as she tapped to open it.

In the video, Louisa was crying pitifully as she said, "I feel like I can't breathe when I'm not with you for even a second. I missed you so much that I couldn't help but come to the reunion.

"But seeing you and Estelle being so affectionate, I was going crazy with jealousy. That's the only reason I said those things… and you even hit me for it."

Ruben smiled faintly, clearly appeased by her words.

He took a warm towel and gently pressed it to her swollen cheek. "Alright, stop crying, or you'll look like a little kitten. You can ask for anything as compensation."

"Then… our children's birthday is coming up. I want the island you just bought as a gift for them."

Ruben frowned. "No. That island is for my baby with Estelle."

"Please, Rube? I had a fortune teller check out the location, and that island is perfectly aligned with our children's birth charts. It will bring them great luck! You promised to make it up to me!"

This time, he agreed.

Louisa turned to the camera with a taunting smile and sent another voice message. "See? Even if he promises something to you, he'll still give it to me as long as I ask. You lost."

Estelle sat motionless while gripping her phone in a daze. She thought back to the past when she had gotten injured at one of her part-time jobs, Ruben had also helped her ease the pain in the same way.

So, he was now doing the things he once did for her for another woman. At that moment, she felt utterly drained.

But as long as she left Ruben, everything would be okay. Tomorrow, she would finally be free.

Chapter 4
That afternoon, Estelle visited her former mentor, George Reid.

Before she left, George took her to a nearby chapel, saying it was a special place where he wanted to get her a blessing for protection.

As soon as they arrived, a priest—whom she had never met before—called her by name.

"You're probably wondering how I know who you are," the priest said with a warm smile. "A year ago, a man named Ruben Daye made an 80 million donation to our chapel.

"He also kneeled and prayed his way from the foot of the hill to the altar, asking for a blessing of protection for you. But he didn't take the charm with him. He asked us to keep it here and continue our prayers over it."

George beamed. "Ruben really cares about you. Seeing how much love there is between you two puts my heart at ease."

Estelle lowered her gaze as a mix of emotions swirled inside her. It was the warmth of past love and the sting of betrayal. Just when she thought she had regained her composure, her heart wavered again.

"Since fate has brought you here today, you should take this charm with you," the priest said.

She took the small charm in her hand and turned to leave when the priest suddenly stopped her. "Wait! There's more. Ruben actually requested three blessings that day. You should take them all with you."

Estelle accepted them, but she almost laughed out loud when she saw the names written on each one.

They weren't just for her. The other names were Louisa's—and the twins'.

When Ruben returned home that night, he found Estelle already asleep. For years, they had waited for each other, never being able to sleep unless they were wrapped in each other's arms.

This was the first time she hadn't waited for him.

A strange unease crept into his heart. He pulled her into his embrace, burying his face in the curve of her neck.

"I missed you so much, love. It's only been a few hours, but it felt like centuries. If you ever left me, I don't think I could survive."

"Is that so?" Estelle murmured.

"Oh, right, love, there's something I wanted to discuss with you. I spoke to an expert about that island; apparently, the location isn't great. So I bought two new ones instead. What do you think?"

Estelle closed her eyes. "Do whatever you want."

Sensing the coldness and impatience in her tone, Ruben grew even more uneasy. He hesitated, then asked carefully, "Love, did I do something to upset you?"

"No, I'm just tired." She took a deep breath. "Our wedding anniversary is in a few days. I want to take the private jet out of the country tomorrow afternoon. I ordered a gift overseas and want to pick it up myself."

"You're pregnant. Such a long-hours flight is too exhausting. Let me go instead."

Estelle's voice softened with a hint of playfulness. "No, I want to go myself."

Ruben's heart melted at her words. He would have agreed to anything. He wouldn't have refused even if she asked for his life.

"Alright, as you wish."

The next morning, Ruben made breakfast before heading out, saying he had work to do. Estelle began packing as soon as he left.

She opened the closet and took out all the clothes she had once lovingly made for Ruben. She cut them into pieces and tossed them into the trash.

As for the expensive jewelry and gifts he had given her, she gathered them up and distributed them to the house staff.

The 16 photo albums they had collected over three years, the ones they had promised to save for when they grew old together, had all been thrown into the fireplace.

By sheer chance, Ruben had forgotten an important document and returned home—only to see their memories burning in the flames.

His mind went blank. Panic surged through him as he reached into the fire, grabbing the last half-burned album with his bare hands.

"Love…" His voice trembled as he looked at Estelle. "Why are you burning these?"

Estelle smiled lightly. "No reason. I just thought they looked terrible and didn't want to keep such ugly photos."

She walked over and gently took his burned hand in hers. "We have plenty of time ahead of us, so we can always take new ones. Why did you reach into the fire like that?

"Look at your hand. It's a mess. Call the doctor to take care of it."

Seeing the concern in her eyes, Ruben's panic slowly subsided. He leaned in closer and murmured with a childlike pout, "If you blow on it, it won't hurt anymore."

If his subordinates saw him like this, they would probably think their cold and ruthless boss had been possessed by something.

"You're a grown man now. Aren't you embarrassed to act this way?"

Estelle walked over, casually positioning herself to block the sight of the shredded clothes in the trash.

After that, Ruben grabbed his documents and kissed her forehead. "I'm heading to the office. I'll be back by noon."

Not long after he left, Louisa sent her another message. "Come to Emorie Hotel. Your husband is here. Something interesting is waiting for you."

Estelle sat in silence. So every time he said he was going to the office, he was actually going to see Louisa. She knew that going there would only break her even more, but she still went.

It turned out that today was the twins' birthday. Ruben, his parents, and his friends were all gathered to celebrate.

They held a grand party at the hotel, where the staff addressed Louisa as "Mrs. Daye".

Ruben didn't correct them. Instead, he and Louisa exchanged a smile. It was one filled with unmistakable warmth.

Ruben's parents, too, beamed at Louisa in a way Estelle had never seen before. "If it weren't for Louisa, I wouldn't be able to enjoy the joys of family like this. Ruben, you better not let her down. Treat her well, do you hear me?"

Ruben nodded with a smile. "When have I ever treated her badly? Doesn't Louisa already have everything Estelle has? I always prepare things like clothes, jewelry, and rare treasures in pairs."

Estelle had thought she could face everything calmly. But in that moment, something inside her exploded.

Everything—the love, the tenderness, and the past they shared—shattered into pieces and lodged themselves deep into her heart. It now left behind nothing but raw, bleeding wounds.

So, this was it? 

Everyone had known.

From the very beginning, what she believed was special had never truly been hers. Everything she was given, Louisa had as well.

And the things she never received—Louisa still did.

Chapter 5
Estelle hid behind a column outside the banquet hall, but as she did, she overheard Ruben chatting idly with his cousin, Renee Daye.

"So, are you really planning to live like this for the rest of your life?" Renee frowned. "Secrets don't stay hidden forever. No matter how well you cover it up, your wife will find out sooner or later."

Ruben chuckled. "I love Estelle, but Louisa gave birth to my children. I can't just abandon her. Living like this isn't so bad."

"And what if you can't keep it hidden? What will you do then?" Renee muttered. "Being unfaithful is unfair to Estelle."

"That day will never come. Hasn't everything been fine for the past two years?" Ruben remained confident. "I know I owe Estelle, so I'll make it up to her by treating her even better."

Renee rolled her eyes in disdain. "Do you think love can be repaid with material things? Let me give you some advice because we're family. Ashy is coming back soon.

"You know how rigid he is and how much he despises men like you who mess around. You'd better hide your mistress well. If Ashy finds out, he'll definitely expose you."

Estelle felt her legs go weak as she slid down the column, collapsing onto the floor. The pain in her heart had long since numbed. All she felt now was nausea.

She stumbled out of the hotel, but the relentless emotional blows from the past few days had drained her completely. Her vision went black, and she collapsed to the ground.

When she woke up, she was in an unfamiliar room. A man wearing a pair of rimless glasses sat on the couch beside the bed, and he was dressed in a crisp suit.

He methodically worked his way through a mountain of paperwork. His expression remained inscrutable, yet a palpable tension radiated from his sharp features.

Estelle sat up, staring at him in a daze for a few seconds before recognition hit her.

It was Ruben's uncle—Asher Daye.

He had spent most of his years abroad running a business, and Estelle had only met him a handful of times.

All she knew was that Ruben had always been a little afraid of this uncle, even though he was only three years older than him.

When Ruben was a mischievous child, his parents couldn't bear to discipline him, so it was always Asher who did the job.

Ruben once described him as someone rigid and overly serious as he followed the rules to the letter.

"Are you awake?" The man closed the file in his hands. "The doctor said you just had a miscarriage and fainted due to emotional distress."

He stepped toward her slowly. "Ruben doesn't know about your miscarriage, does he? Otherwise, he would have lost his mind already. There's no way he would've let you collapse on the street alone."

Estelle remained silent for a long time before finally speaking. "Thank you for today. But please, don't tell him about this."

Asher didn't respond. Seeing his unwillingness to agree, she lowered her voice and pleaded, "Please."

Asher froze for a moment. Something was clearly wrong between them as under normal circumstances, this was something Ruben absolutely needed to know.

But for some reason, his heart softened. He agreed to keep it a secret in the end. Asher then arranged for Estelle to be sent home.

Not long after she arrived, Ruben returned as well.

"Love, what do you want for lunch? I'll cook."

No matter how busy he was, Ruben always insisted on preparing her meals himself out of fear that a chef might not cook with enough care or that the food wouldn't suit her taste.

He then pulled out a jewelry set. "The custom pieces finally arrived. Take a look. Do you like them?"

Estelle glanced at them. They were identical to the ones he had given Louisa earlier that day.

A laugh immediately escaped her lips. All this time, she had thought she was special. But in the end, his so-called devotion was nothing more than a mass-produced sentiment—one that came in matching sets.

"No need," she said flatly. "Also, I want to visit The Skyloft."

The Skyloft was an estate Ruben had built for her five years ago. It held some of their most cherished memories.

There, Ruben had confessed to her for the 97th time and finally succeeded. It was where they had their first kiss and their first embrace. 

And it was there that he had proposed, swearing to love only her for the rest of his life. But because it was located on the outskirts, they rarely visited the place after getting married.

It was noon, and she would be flying away by 3:00 pm, leaving this place forever. This would be her last visit and her final goodbye.

Ruben stiffened, his expression flashing with panic. A while back, Louisa had begged to stay there, and he had given her the keys. She was there today with the twins.

"Sure, let's go after lunch." He hurried into the kitchen and secretly sent Louisa a message, telling her to leave immediately.

Hence, they arrived at the estate at 1:00 pm. The moment Estelle stepped inside, she sensed something was off.

The roses in the garden had been replaced with lilies. The pale green curtains had been swapped for pink, and there was a child's rocking horse in the living room.

It was obvious someone had been living here. But she pretended not to notice and headed straight upstairs.

A few of their old photo albums remained in the bedroom. She intended to take them so she could burn them. After all, the thought of leaving them here disgusted her.

Yet when she opened the first album, her body went rigid.

Inside, page after page, were photos of Ruben and Louisa as well as the twins.

There were photos of the four of them in lavender fields, in front of a world-famous tower, and even floating in a hot air balloon.

Every single place Ruben had once taken her—every cherished memory she thought belonged to them alone—he had taken another woman there, too.

And on countless nights, in moments she never knew about, he had defiled what little remained of the life they had once shared.

Noticing how pale Estelle had become, Ruben walked over. "What's wrong, love?"

She shut the photo album abruptly and smiled. "Nothing. I just want to go home."

Turning around, she started for the stairs, but Ruben's phone buzzed just then. His expression shifted instantly, and panic flashed across his face.

"Love, I need to use the restroom real quick. Go on downstairs and wait for me, okay?"

Estelle nodded and left. But a few minutes later, she turned back. Standing outside the bathroom door, she overheard Ruben's urgent voice.

"Didn't I tell you to leave with the kids? Why are you still here?"

Louisa's sultry voice drifted through the door.

"I just wanted to have a little fun with you. We've already done it once on your marriage bed, right in front of your wedding photos.

"But now, with her just downstairs… doesn't that make it even more thrilling?"

Ruben's breathing grew heavier. "You little temptress…"

Then came the sound of running water—followed by something far worse. Estelle felt nothing as she stood outside. There was no pain, no sadness, nor any anger.

There was only one thought passing through her mind—how did the man she loved turn out this way?

He was now like a poppy flower growing in filth—seductive yet reeking of decay. Or perhaps he had always been this way, and she had just never seen it.

She thought back to the first time Ruben introduced her to his social circle years ago.

Those wealthy heirs had smiles on their faces as they offered their congratulations, but she knew they laughed about it behind their backs.

They mocked Ruben for being a fool, for dedicating himself to one woman. With his status, they thought he could easily have ten at his feet.

Back then, Ruben had told her, "I'm not like them. I only love you."

As it turned out, he was rotten, just like them. Everything was only a matter of time.

Estelle let out a quiet laugh and silently made her way downstairs.

She had come from the mountains. Her mother had been trafficked there. And because she hadn't given birth to a son, both she and Estelle had suffered daily beatings from her father.

Estelle had run away at 13, and the first thing she did was put her father, Albert Charter, behind bars.

He had cursed her for it, swearing she would die a miserable death. Meanwhile, her mother, Darlene Bowman, who was now free because of her, had never once thanked her.

It was because Estelle was the evidence of her humiliation, the festering wound of her past.

Growing up in that twisted home, Estelle had learned to build walls that were tall and unbreakable to keep everyone at a distance.

Yet when she was 18, Ruben had come bursting into her life. He had been like an unrelenting flame, slowly melting the ice around her heart.

With patience and tenderness, he had erased the pain of her past. He had showered her with love, and he had taught her how to love again.

And yet, the same man who had once made her feel the safest 
