---
layout: novel
titleO: "I Become The Alpha After His Death"
title: "I Become The Alpha After His Death"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 208
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-22 15:02:33"
rating: 4.7
rating_count: 21
---

1

“Doctor Cheryl, we don’t know what’s going on to the woman in this bed; she’s been crying nonstop.”  
The nurse’s voice rang in my ears, but I had been awake for ten minutes and didn’t want to open my eyes.  
Tears streamed down my cheeks like a burst dam, impossible to stop.  
The nurse thought my body was having an abnormal reaction and hurriedly called Cheryl.
Through tear-filled eyes, I saw Cheryl holding my medical record, scribbling on it, and speaking with a mocking tone.
“There’s nothing wrong. She just had an abortion, and the wound reopened.”
After saying that, she leaned down and pressed hard on my abdomen.
I instinctively cried out in pain, I opened my eyes and glared at her with resentment and anger.
Cheryl just sneered.  
“Does it hurt badly? When Beta Lewis and I found you in the Rogue group, you were lying on the ground with a look of enjoyment on your face, covered in thick, filthy liquid. Beta Lewis threw up on the spot.
“Oh, and there were two Rogues crawling all over you, moving rhythmically. Their long claws left deep gashes on your body. The more you screamed in pain, the more excited they got. I’m sure you still remember that feeling clearly, don’t you?
“So compared to that, this pain is nothing, right? It’s me who should be complaining. You have no idea how disgusting it is for me to examine such a filthy woman like you.”
These words pierced my heart like a thousand arrows, leaving me nearly unable to breathe.
Before I could speak up to defend myself, the nurse beside me gave me a look of disgust.
“So she’s the notorious slut who made a name for herself across the Pack, abandoning her partner on the eve of their wedding to run off and meet with a bunch of lowly Rogues. How shameless!”  
“No, that’s not the truth! I’m also a victim!”  
I couldn’t help but shout out loud, trying to explain myself.
But Cheryl, as the Pack’s authoritative doctor and the Pack Alpha’s childhood friend, What she said was as reliable as legal provisions. 
The nurse glanced at Cheryl, then shot me a cold, disdainful look.  
“What are you shouting about? You did such a shameful thing, and now you don’t want anyone to talk about it? I bet the child in your womb is also the bastard of some Rogue!”
Cheryl looked at me with a sneer, “It's a bastard, isn't it? Aborting it now is best for everyone.”  
Hearing this, I couldn't help but tremble with anger. I got up from the bed without hesitation, then grabbed the teacup from the bedside table, and threw it at her with all my strength.  
But as a doctor, Cheryl's physical condition was far superior to mine.
The moment I stood up, she dodged my attack with lightning speed, then kicked the cup out of my hand with a flying kick. She then pounced on me, pinning me down on the bed.  
The young nurse was stunned and rushed out to call for help.  
With no one else around, Cheryl became even more unrestrained.
“Do you know why I dared to perform the abortion surgery on you? Because Howard agreed to it.”  
“Impossible!”  
I suddenly widened my eyes, unable to believe what she was saying.  
She smiled faintly.  
“Why is it impossible? You don’t really think the future heir of Pack Alpha would come from such a filthy womb, do you?”  
At this point, she raised her eyebrows, her face brimming with pride.
“I know Howar promised you that when the time was right, he’d marry you. To be honest, I sometimes admire you. After all, there aren’t many women as naive and foolish as you.”  
I trembled with anger. “What are you trying to say?”
Cheryl narrowed her eyes and suddenly pinched my face.
“If you want to be this Pack’s Luna, at least have some self-awareness. Even beta Lewis despises you, let alone Howar, who is an Alpha!
“Do you think getting pregnant will allow you to marry him as you wish? Stop daydreaming!
“Let me tell you this: from the moment you were diagnosed with pregnancy, Howard already suspected the child wasn't his. He'll never allow his life to be tarnished by you and this bastard!”  
I shook my head uncontrollably, glaring at her. “No, the child is only two months old. It's his child. I have the hospital's diagnostic certificate!”
“Oh, you mean that thing? To be honest, that thing isn’t as reliable as my word.”  
Cheryl narrowed her eyes, looking at me with utter contempt.  
“I told Howar that you’re three months pregnant, but three months ago, he was negotiating a partnership with another pack. The timing doesn’t match up. For the sake of his and the Pack’s reputation, you have to be sacrificed.”
“Oh, and by the way, I had your uterus removed. From now on, you'll never be able to have children again.”  
I was seething with anger, my mind filled with only one thought: kill her, kill her!  
“Ah!”  
I screamed, pushing her away with all my strength, then raised my fist like a madman and swung it at her.
However, before I could touch her, Alpha Howar swiftly rushed in from outside, firmly pushed me away, and then suddenly slapped me across the face.  
“Zelda, how dare you harm Cheryl? You’re truly mad!”  
I was knocked to the ground by his slap and remained dazed for a long time.
Alpha Howar didn't look at me; he just held Cheryl tightly and whispered comforting words to her.  
“It's okay, don't be afraid.”  
Cheryl snuggled into his arms and sobbed softly, her gaze filled with defiance and triumph as she looked at me.  
“Howar, I just told her the details of the abortion procedure, but I didn't expect her to suddenly get angry and hit me...”
Upon hearing this, Alpha Howar glared at me with a stern expression.  
“Zelda, you’ve gone too far. Apologize to Cheryl immediately!”  
I couldn’t take it anymore and snapped, “Why should I apologize? She performed the abortion without my consent. That’s attempted murder! I can take her to the werewolf court! And do you even know…”
Alpha Howar cut me off before I could finish.  
“This is utterly unreasonable. The abortion was done with my consent. You were carrying a bastard—how dare you give birth to him!”  
These words sent a chill down my spine. I couldn’t believe the person standing before me was Alpha Howar.
It shouldn't be like this. He had always been so kind to me before.  
He knew about that painful past, which was a scar I could never erase from my heart, but he had never looked down on me.  
Every midnight when I would break down crying because of those memories, he would hold me tightly in his arms and comfort me endlessly:
“Zelda, don’t be afraid. It’s all over now. Those Rogues won’t come back to hurt you. I’ll protect you forever. Once we become partners, you’ll be the most honored Luna of the Pack, and no one will dare to bully you again.”
Because of his tenderness and consideration, I had never doubted his feelings for me.
But at this moment, the cold, indifferent voice echoing in my ears made me feel as though I no longer recognized him.
“He’s not a bastard; he’s really your child!”

2

I screamed in grief and anger, hoping he would believe me this time.
But he didn't. The look in his eyes was calm and indifferent, unlike anything I had ever seen before.
“We’ll have more children. You’re not in a good state of mind right now, so get some rest first. We’ll talk about the rest later.”
After saying that, he helped Cheryl out.
Watching his distant figure, I couldn’t hold back my tears any longer and covered my face and cried.
He didn’t know that we would never have children again…
Cheryl had grown up with him since childhood, and had always enjoyed his endless trust and affection—something I could never match.  
But what she did to me, I will never forgive!  
Thinking of my innocent child who had died, I took a deep breath, forced myself to stand up from the ground, and planned to sneak into Cheryl’s office to look for clues.
But as I approached the door, I discovered that Alpha Howar and Cheryl were inside.  
Through the slightly open door, I unexpectedly overheard their conversation.  
“I need to wash my hands thoroughly when I get home. The thought of her being toyed with by those lowly Rogues makes me feel so disgusted. I can’t believe dear you had the courage to touch her.”
Alpha Howar suddenly made a disapproving sound, as if expressing dissatisfaction.  
“Cheryl, don't be so harsh. If you hadn't taken a fancy to her fiance, secretly drugged her and asked me to find someone to throw her into the Rogue group, how could this have happened later? “ 
“So you're defending her?” Cheryl mocked.
Alpha Howar lowered his voice, “I'm just stating the facts.”
“If you're just stating the facts, then you won't really have another child with her, will you?”
Facing Cheryl’s question, Alpha Howard answered almost without hesitation:
“Of course not. You know I’m just sympathizing with her situation. Originally, throwing her into the Rogue group was just meant to scare her, ruin her reputation, and let you marry Beta Lewis as you desired. But I never expected those Rogues would actually harm her.
“Ultimately, this was my negligence, so compensating her afterward was something I should have done. But having her give birth to my child? Given her status, she's far from worthy of that.”
Cheryl’s face lit up instantly. “Howar, I knew you were just playing with her. By the way, the aborted fetus is still here with me. Do you want to take a look?”
“It’s just a pile of rotten flesh. What’s there to look at? Get rid of it quickly. Don’t you find it unlucky?”
Alpha Howar’s final words sent me plummeting into an endless abyss, wishing I could die along with the child.
I couldn’t make out what the two of them were saying inside anymore.
My mind was in a daze. When I came to my senses, I realized I had somehow ended up in the bathroom, vomiting uncontrollably over the toilet in a stall.
I wanted so badly to rush out and expose their hypocrisy in front of everyone at the hospital.  
But my strength was too weak, and Howar was the respected Alpha of this pack. Without concrete evidence, no one would believe the words of a victim like me.  
Actually, Cheryl was right about one thing: I was naive and foolish to truly believe that Alpha Howar would become my partner.
Over the past few months, I had been completely immersed in his care for me, completely neglecting the fact that his so-called promises were just idle talk. Otherwise, he wouldn't have kept me at home all day, rarely letting me go out.  
At the time, I genuinely believed he was worried about me encountering danger. Now that I think about it, he clearly didn't want others to discover that such an immoral woman like me was with him.
Thinking about what he did to me sends chills down my spine, yet at the same time, an uncontrollable rage burns within me, nearly consuming me entirely.
But I won’t attempt suicide like before.
I will live on, for myself and for that lost little baby, and make everyone who harmed us pay a terrible price!
With that thought, I took a deep breath, sent a message on my phone, then leaned against the wall and slowly stood up to leave.
In the bathroom mirror, my face was pale as a ghost. I stared at it blankly, then, as if possessed, lifted the hospital gown off my body.
Looking at my flat abdomen, I couldn’t quite describe the feeling. Though filled with grief and anger, I couldn’t help but feel a sense of relief.
Relieved that this child was gone, for if I had given birth to him and later discovered the truth, how could I face him?  
From the moment I attempted suicide and was saved by Alpha Howar, I had regarded him as the only light in my life.  
Yet it was precisely he who extinguished that light.
From now on, there is only endless hatred between us.  
I took a deep breath and plunged into the cold sink.  
I had intended to calm myself down, but the next moment, a hand suddenly grabbed my arm and pulled me up forcefully.
“Zelda, what are you doing!”  
A voice filled with suppressed anger rang in my ears, sending a shiver down my spine.  
Through the mirror, I saw a familiar face I hadn't seen in ages, as handsome and refined as when we first met.
Beta Lewis.  
If it weren't for what happened, we should have been the happiest couple in this pack.  
But because of Alpha Howar and Cheryl, all my beautiful fantasies have vanished.  
I stared at him, suddenly feeling like crying.  
But I forced myself to hold back, biting my lip as I pulled my arm free from his grip and turned to leave.  
“This is the women's restroom; you shouldn't be here.”
Beta Lewis seemed to realize how abrupt he had been and hurried after me.  
“I saw you walk in here looking dazed in the hallway. I waited a long time but didn’t see you come out, so I couldn’t help but come in. Zelda, what’s wrong? Are you feeling unwell?”  
I paused, wanting to tell him about the cruel things I had experienced here.
But then I thought, his current partner is Cheryl, and he works under Alpha Howar. What good would it do to tell him?  
If he truly loved me, he wouldn’t have abandoned me and chosen to be with Cheryl instead.
Thinking of this, I couldn't help but laugh bitterly at myself.  
He and Alpha Howar were both unworthy men.  
“Nothing's wrong. I just had a minor surgery.”  
I replied casually and turned to go back to the ward.  
But as I turned my head, I saw Alpha Howar and Cheryl standing in the corridor, having arrived at some point.
Alpha Howar glared at me, clearly angry.  
Cheryl, however, raised her eyebrows with a smile, like a venomous snake coiling before me, her eyes fixed on my face, ready to strike at any moment.  
“What minor surgery, Zelda? Why didn’t you tell Lewis the truth—that you actually came to the hospital for an abortion?”

3  

“Abortion?”  
Beta Lewis frowned in shock, then looked at my stomach.  
“Then your child is...”  
I was about to speak, but Cheryl interrupted me again.  
"Lewis, don't ask. There's no point in bringing up such a disgraceful matter.  
“Besides, Zelda is also a victim. None of this is her fault.”
As she spoke, she walked toward us. Her casual words seemed to be exonerating me, but they also served as a reminder to Beta Lewis of how despicable and filthy I was.  
I had been defiled by a group of Rogues on the eve of our wedding and had conceived a bastard child, which would only make Beta Lewis despise me even more.
Sure enough, as soon as Cheryl finished speaking, Beta Lewis’s gaze toward me changed instantly.
The sympathy he had shown moments ago had vanished, replaced by a calmness as if he were looking at a stranger.
“Since you’ve just had an abortion, you should go back to the ward and rest properly.”
Hearing this, I couldn’t help but lower my eyes and smile.
Though I had anticipated Beta Lewis’s reaction, the moment my guess was confirmed, it still felt so ironic.  
Over the years we’ve known and loved each other, I’ve come to know Beta Lewis inside out, but his understanding of me is truly negligible.  
He believed whatever Cheryl said, but even though we’ve already parted ways, he shouldn’t look down on me like this.  
Almost without control, I suddenly reached out and slapped him across the face.
Apparently caught off guard, the three of us froze in shock.  
Cheryl snapped out of it first, instinctively checking Beta Lewis’s face before glaring at me.  
“Zelda, you’ve lost your mind! Why did you hit Lewis out of nowhere?”
“Because he deserved it! And you and Alpha Howar deserve it too!”
I had no patience for nonsense. At that moment, I truly wished I were crazy—driven mad by these people!
Gritting my teeth, I lunged toward Cheryl, but before I could touch her, Alpha Howar swiftly kicked me to the ground.
The kick landed heavily on my abdomen, and in an instant, an excruciating pain swept through my body, causing me to break out in a cold sweat and unable to speak.  
Alpha Howar stared at me expressionlessly, speaking coldly.  
“I’ve already said it—the abortion was done at my instruction. This child never should have come into this world. But I’ll give you another child in the future. What do you have to be unhappy about?”
He spoke as if it were a great favor to me, completely different from the harsh words he had just spoken to Cheryl in the office.
What was even more absurd was that he seemed to think I was targeting Cheryl because of the abortion.
“What kind of child are you talking about? Do you think I still care? My uterus has been removed by Cheryl, and I will never be able to have children again!”
Alpha Howar’s pupils contracted sharply as he said in a deep voice, “Impossible. I just didn’t want you to give birth to a lowly bastard, so I had Cheryl perform the abortion surgery on you, but I didn’t have her remove your uterus!”  
After saying that, he suddenly looked at Cheryl as if he had realized something.  
“Did you do that on your own initiative?”  
Beta Lewis also furrowed his brows, as if seeking confirmation from Cheryl.
Cheryl, perhaps seeing such unusual expressions on their faces for the first time, pouted her red lips and suddenly felt wronged.  
“Howar, how can you believe her words? She's slandering me with lies. I never did such a thing!”  
Alpha Howar, seeing her distress, immediately put everything else aside and hurried to comfort her:  
“We grew up together. Of course I believe you.”
Beta Lewis glanced at me and added, “That’s right, Cheryl. You’re a professional doctor; we naturally trust you.”
After saying that, he turned to me and said, “Zelda, I know you’ve harbored resentment toward me and Cheryl because of what happened in the past, but choosing to be Cheryl’s partner was my own decision. If you have any grievances, take them out on me—don’t make things difficult for Cheryl. She’s the most outstanding doctor in this pack, and she values her reputation above all else. By slandering her like this, how can she face the world afterward?”
Cheryl burst into tears upon hearing this.
“I really didn't remove her uterus. I don't know why she's hurting me like this...”
The commotion we caused, combined with Alpha Howar's presence, quickly drew a crowd of onlookers in the hospital corridor.
Alpha Howar lowered his eyes, then strode over to me and grabbed my wrist.
“Apologize to Cheryl immediately and admit you were wrong.”  
He paid no heed to the excruciating pain in my abdomen, nearly dragging me by force to Cheryl's side.  
“Zelda, apologize for your reckless words!”  
Looking into his emotionless eyes, I couldn't help but cover my stomach and burst into laughter.  
"Apologize? Why should I apologize to a murderer! You all despise me for being dirty, but in my eyes, you’re more like stinking rats in a gutter, deserving of contempt!”  
As I spoke, I stood up, meeting Alpha Howar’s nearly uncontrollable rage with a steady gaze, slowly straightening my spine.  
“Whether my uterus is still there or not can be confirmed with a simple examination. Professional medical staff and scientific instruments don’t lie.”
Alpha Howar heard my words and laughed in anger.  
“Do you think I’ll keep letting you act this way?”  
I raised an eyebrow and asked him, “Isn’t it because you’re afraid that your little sweetheart really removed my uterus, and the hospital patients would unite to oppose you?”  
Alpha Howar met my gaze and said in a low voice, “Zelda, don’t try to provoke me. That tactic won’t work on me.”
“If it doesn't work, then why won't you let me undergo the examination?” I pressed him further.  
Alpha Howar furrowed his brows and pursed his lips, about to respond, when Cheryl stepped forward with red eyes.  
“Howar, I accept her proposal. As long as it can prove my innocence, I'm willing to do anything!”  
Her answer was somewhat unexpected.  
But soon, I understood her intentions.
“Zelda, if the examination proves your uterus is still intact, I want you to kneel before me and apologize publicly. If you accept this condition, I can arrange the examination for you right now.”  
I was goading Alpha Howar, and Cheryl was doing the same to me.  
She was betting I wouldn’t dare accept the challenge.  
But after everything that had happened, I had nothing left to lose. Kneeling and apologizing, sacrificing my dignity—it all meant nothing!
I sneered, “Alright, I accept your condition. But if you really do something that cruel to me, I demand you leave this Pack immediately!”  
“Zelda, don’t be too harsh!” Alpha Howar spoke up for Cheryl again.  
I glared at him coldly, “As a professional doctor, cruelly depriving a woman of her reproductive rights—isn’t that already too harsh?”
Not to mention the other even more outrageous things she’s done, which I haven’t even mentioned yet.  
If I were to pursue this further, it wouldn’t just be her—even Alpha Howar would have to pay a heavy price!  
To avoid arousing his suspicion, I suppressed the anger in my heart and turned to look at Cheryl.  
“Also, I don’t trust the people you’ve arranged. As the head of this medical institution, the medical staff are bound to follow your orders.”
Cheryl narrowed her eyes slightly and smiled. “Of course, your concerns are reasonable. But there aren't many Doctors in the entire Pack who can treat illnesses...”
At this point, she paused, as if recalling something, then turned to ask Alpha Howar's opinion.
“Howar, what do you think of Tyra?”
Alpha Howar nodded almost without hesitation.
“Tyra is the Elder of the Pack and highly skilled in medicine. She would never deceive anyone. Having her conduct the examination is the most appropriate choice.”
I had also heard rumors about Tyra.
I heard she is a highly respected Elder of the Pack, having saved many lives in her youth, and is known for her integrity and fairness, never showing favoritism.  
When Alpha Howar first became the Alpha of this Pack, she even publicly reprimanded him over a minor matter.  
Most importantly, Tyra has been secluded and rarely seen in recent years, with almost no contact with Alpha Howar and Cheryl.  
So having her conduct the examination for me is indeed the most appropriate choice.

4

We waited at the hospital for half an hour before Tyra arrived.
She was wearing a black silk dress and a veil, looking like a noblewoman from a castle in ancient times.
When she saw the four of us, she didn't even glance at Alpha Howar, but walked straight up to me and took my hand.
“You must be Zelda. I heard about you on the way here. You're such a poor child.”
This was the first time I had ever felt warmth from a stranger.
After what had happened, everyone had turned against me. They didn’t blame the lowly Rogues; they only blamed me, saying that if I hadn’t been so careless, none of this would have happened.
At that moment, I felt like I had fallen into hell. Facing Beta Lewis’s abandonment and the scorn of others, I didn’t know how to go on living.  
So when Alpha Howar saved me, I clung to him with all my heart, seeing him as my only hope.  
But when his salvation was already tinged with deception and harm, Tyra’s instinctive compassion felt all the more precious.
I held back the urge to cry and pleaded with her, “Please, I entrust everything to you!”  
“Good child, don't be afraid. If you've truly suffered a great injustice, I will demand that Alpha Howar give you a satisfactory explanation.”  
Tyra gently stroked my head, but her eyes fixed on Alpha Howar, as if issuing a warning.  
Alpha Howar impatiently urged, " Enough, stop dawdling. Go in for the examination. My time is precious; I don't have the luxury to waste it here with you."  
Tyra ignored him and took my hand, leading me into the examination room.  
The examination was quick. Though I was in excruciating pain from the recent abortion, the thought of soon expelling Cheryl from the Pack filled me with strength.
After the examination, Tyra asked me to wait outside for a moment.
A few minutes later, she came out holding the report.
Alpha Howar spoke first, “How is it?”
Tyra didn’t rush to answer him. Instead, she looked at me deeply, shook her head, and her eyes betrayed a hint of disappointment.
My heart sank, and I felt a bad presentiment.
Then I saw Tyra hand the examination report to Alpha Howar.
“The machine doesn’t lie. This lady still has her uterus.”  
“No! It’s impossible!”  
I stared in disbelief, rushing forward to snatch the examination report from Alpha Howar’s hands.  
But the results were clear: I had only undergone an abortion procedure, and there were no other abnormalities.  
Since the report was fine, it meant that Cheryl had intentionally provoked me in the ward earlier, which is why she said those things!
I had fallen for her trick!  
I stood frozen in place, my mind a blur.  
Cheryl, however, burst into tears of joy. “I told you I didn’t do that! Howar, this is wonderful. Now no one can expel me from the Pack.”  
She deliberately mentioned our bet, as if to remind Alpha Howar.
Alpha Howar’s gaze toward me grew solemn in an instant.  
“Zelda, everyone must take responsibility for their words and actions. Now, I want you to kneel in the hospital lobby and apologize to Cheryl in front of everyone who passes by!”  
I looked up at him in shock. Though I had long since seen through his true nature, this moment still felt like a knife to the heart.
And Cheryl, at that moment, pretended to be the good guy.  
"Never mind, I can understand Zelda's feelings. Although this child came at an inopportune time, it's still her own child. Now that I've taken it away myself, it's only natural that she's angry with me.
“As for kneeling and apologizing, just consider it a joke. Lewis is still here, and I don't want him to think I'm a person who won't let go when he's right. After all, Zelda almost became his partner.”
Upon hearing this, Beta Lewis paused for a moment, then embraced Cheryl and looked at me with an extremely indifferent expression.
“Cheryl, you’re just too kind, so she dared to bully you so brazenly. No matter what happened in the past, my only partner now is you. She slandered you out of thin air, so kneeling down to apologize to you is only right.”
Cheryl immediately leaned into his embrace with a shy smile, but her eyes challenged me.
“Zelda, you saw it too. I tried my best to advocate for you, but both Howar and Lewis refused. What should we do now?”
Before I could speak, Alpha Howar had already given the most direct response on my behalf.
He grabbed the back of my neck, dragging me into the elevator like a chicken, then kicked my knee joint hard in the hospital lobby.
“Ah!”  
I collapsed in pain, kneeling on the ground. As I tried to get up, Alpha Howar pressed my head down forcefully, forcing my face nearly to the ground. My body was in an extremely awkward and painful position, kneeling humbly.  
“You ungrateful thing. I’ve pampered you and spoiled you, but you actually think you can bully Cheryl? Let me tell you, no one can touch a single hair on Cheryl’s head under my watch. You’ll stay on your knees here until you fully realize your mistake!”  
Alpha Howar’s voice was devoid of any emotion, no longer carrying the tenderness he had shown me before.  
I knelt there, my mind replaying past memories, and suddenly burst into laughter.
“Alpha Howar, one day you’ll regret this. You’ll definitely regret it!”  
“You’re so stubborn!”  
Alpha Howar said angrily, then called over two of his men to watch me. They wouldn’t let me get up until I’d been kneeling for ten hours.
The crowd around us grew larger, buzzing with whispers and speculation.  
“What’s going on? Why is she kneeling here for no reason?”  
“I heard she accused Dr. Cheryl of removing her uterus during an abortion procedure, but after the examination, it turned out not to be true. So Alpha Howar made her kneel here to apologize to Dr. Cheryl.”
“That’s ridiculous! How could she say such a absurd thing? Dr. Cheryl is Alpha Howar’s childhood friend and the most professional doctor in this pack—she would never do such a thing!”  
“Exactly! She got pregnant out of wedlock and wanted to secretly terminate it, then turned against Dr. Cheryl afterward. How shameless!”  
This scene made me feel as though I had returned to four months ago.
When Beta Lewis found me in the Rogue group, the others searching for me looked at me with strange eyes.  
Beta Lewis and Cheryl stood outside the crowd. One looked indifferent, as if I had nothing to do with him.  
The other narrowed his eyes, smiling smugly, his vibrant red lips moving silently.
She said, “How pitiful, Zelda. Someone like you should just die!”
Ten hours later, the onlookers gradually dispersed, and Alpha Howar's men also left.  
I endured the pain throughout my body, clutching my knees as I slowly stood up from the ground, just as Cheryl had hoped, and took the elevator directly to the rooftop of the eighteen-story building.
Across from the rooftop was a villa district, with Cheryl's home being the first house.  
Back then, to make it convenient for her commute, Alpha Howar had specially spent a fortune to buy her a private villa there.  
The view from the rooftop was excellent, and I could see Alpha Howar and Cheryl sitting in the courtyard drinking tea, while Beta Lewis stood beside them preparing barbecue food.
The three of them were chatting and laughing, as if they had completely forgotten about me.  
I only glanced at them before turning away, spreading my arms to embrace the howling wind on the rooftop.  
Death is but an instant, but it does not mean the end of everything.  
Because I have said it before: I will make Alpha Howar regret it.  

5

When the hospital's emergency alarm sounded, Alpha Howar and his two companions rushed over upon receiving the news.
On the ground lay a mangled corpse. The impact from the fall had been so severe that the entire body had been reduced to a pulp, and the face was so badly damaged that the original features were unrecognizable.
However, the on-duty nurse stated that the deceased was the woman who had been kneeling in the hospital lobby.
“I saw her get into the elevator, but I didn’t know what she was going to do, so I didn’t pay attention. It wasn’t until I noticed the elevator had been stuck on the 18th floor that I realized something was wrong. By the time I tried to go up to check, it was already too late…”
Cheryl, clearly shaken, trembled as she threw herself into Beta Lewis’s arms.
“It’s so terrifying, Lewis. How could Zelda have done such a thing…”
Beta Lewis didn't answer her, just looked at the body on the ground with a complicated expression, then glanced at Alpha Howar.  
Alpha Howar stood there in a daze, as if he didn't know where he was.  
After a moment, he suddenly walked toward the body, his steps unsteady, as if he couldn't stand, and suddenly knelt down on the ground.
At the same time, a single tear quickly slid down his cheek, blending with the blood on the ground.  
On the street across from the hospital, an inconspicuous black SUV was parked. The neon lights reflected off the car windows, mirroring my indifferent face.  
Alpha Howar’s tear had merely mixed with the soil; it had not fallen onto my heart.
The past Zelda is dead. Those who stand before me now will pay the same bitter price as I did.  
“Let’s go.”  
I took a deep breath and ordered the driver to start the car.  
The man in the black suit sitting beside me suddenly spoke up.  
“That man looks very sad. Perhaps you have misunderstood him.”
“Beta Ezra.”  
I glanced at him, my tone indifferent.  
“You’re just the person my father sent to help me. Do your job properly, and don’t comment on things you don’t understand.”  
My arrogance didn’t anger the man; instead, he bowed respectfully to me.
“I understand, miss.”  
I said nothing more, leaning back in my seat as everything outside the car slowly receded into the distance until it was no longer visible. Exhausted, I closed my eyes.  
When I awoke again, I had arrived at the Blue Moon Pack.  
Before I could open the car door, a pair of hands reached out to help me. The first thing I saw was a kind yet aged face.
“Zelda, I’m sorry. It’s all my fault. I should have brought you back long ago…”  
This was my father, Alpha Jordan of the Blue Moon Pack.  
I was completely unfamiliar with my father.  
Having grown up in an orphanage, I never would have believed I had any family in this world if he hadn’t suddenly found me two months ago.
At that time, I was in a state of extreme fear and anxiety after being abused, and I had placed my complete trust in Alpha Howar, viewing him as the only pillar of support in my life.  
So when my father secretly found me, I didn’t feel particularly happy; instead, I harbored deep resentment.  
I hated him for abandoning me at the orphanage, and I hated him for not finding me sooner…
Despite my father’s earnest attempts to explain his circumstances, I refused to acknowledge him and coldly drove him away.  
Yet a father’s love is silent and fo
