---
layout: novel
titleO: "Buried in What Once Was"
title: "Buried in What Once Was"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 102
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-23 15:02:44"
rating: 4.1
rating_count: 71
---

"Josephine, please, we beg you… Please let Seth go check on her. It's a life or death situation!"

Josephine Yates had never imagined that her biological parents would cry and beg her to allow her fiancé to go to another woman on the day of her wedding.

They were now in the dressing room, and she was in her wedding gown. She looked at Seth Powell and felt a chill run down her body.

They'd known each other for more than a decade, so how could she not notice that he was actually hesitating?

The wedding host's voice kept drifting in from the banquet hall outside, cueing the groom to make his appearance.

The clock was ticking.

Seth held his phone in a grip so tight his knuckles had turned pale.

Finally, he looked at Josephine with guilt in his eyes. "If Gemma really jumps, we will be plagued with guilt for the rest of our lives. Josephine, let's postpone our wedding. I promise I'll give you a flawless wedding after this."

He made his decision. He had decided to cast her aside for Gemma Terrell.

Right after he finished speaking, Seth anxiously turned and left.

Her parents, Jeremy Yates and Crystal Parker, were relieved. They immediately went after him, intending to rescue Gemma. Like him, they left her behind.

As Josephine sat before the vanity mirror with no one else in the room with her, her gaze followed Seth and her parents as they left.

She felt as though she was struggling for air in the bottomless ocean, dying of suffocation.

At that moment, the host rushed in to urge them to speed up. However, all he saw was the bride, alone.

"Where's the groom?" he asked.

Josephine's face was as pale as a sheet. She turned back to the mirror. Staring at her reflection, still clad in the wedding gown, she felt like a mime artist performing without an audience.

Her voice raspy, she replied despondently, "He left. The wedding is canceled."

That was the second time their wedding was canceled.

The first time happened three years ago.

…

Everyone in their social circle knew Seth was head over heels in love with Josephine. They had known each other since young and shared a tight bond.

Seth had once crossed two cities just to buy her the rice pudding she wanted.

He had also once booked the largest LED billboard to declare his love to her in front of the entire city, flowers in hand.

He had fought others over her, gotten jealous because of her, and had also promised to be with her for the rest of their lives.

His friends always teased him, saying, "Seth, you're truly a simp for Josephine through and through."

At that time, Josephine had a boyfriend who was deeply in love with her and parents who doted on her.

However, it all changed three years ago. An accident left her in a vegetative state. The doctor said she might never regain consciousness. Back then, her parents and Seth went mad with grief.

They all said Seth would've taken his own life if it hadn't been for the fact that she was still breathing. Back then, he had wallowed in despair, drowning himself in alcohol to the extent that it almost cost him his health.

Her parents cried day and night, overwhelmed with grief.

Then, Gemma, the woman who resembled Josephine greatly, showed up.

She, who looked so much like Josephine, gave Seth, at the brink of breaking down, a reason to live. So, he took Gemma in and had her become Josephine's substitute.

Meanwhile, Jeremy and Crystal, who had lost their daughter, directed their guilt and love toward Gemma on account of her looks.

Three months ago, Josephine, who everyone thought would never wake up, did.

Her parents burst into tears of joy. Seth was exhilarated, saying he would give her the grandest wedding ever. Everything seemed to still be the same.

However, that turned out not to be the case.

Gemma, thinking that she was losing everything, wanted to jump off a building. And Josephine's loved ones had gone to her side to save her.

The dressing room was in dead silence. Josephine remembered how anxious her parents were just now. In the past, they would only be that anxious because of her.

Since she was young, her parents had showered her with love. They would be worried to death over the slightest cold she had.

Worried she would be wronged at school, they would drop by from time to time to check on her.

Even Seth had been doting on her ever since she was young, keeping her so well-protected no one would come near her.

Her parents and fiance, who had loved her so, had chosen to leave her behind on the day of her wedding.

Was Gemma really only a substitute to them?

Josephine changed out of her wedding gown and went to the banquet hall to calm the guests down on her own.

Forcefully putting up a strong front, she explained that the wedding was postponed because she wasn't feeling well.

Not everyone bought that excuse. Some cast her looks of sympathy, to which she persuaded herself to ignore.

After seeing everyone off, she received news that Gemma had been rescued. However, she was injured and was taken to the hospital.

After giving it a long thought, Josephine decided to visit her in the hospital. After all, Gemma had kept her parents and Seth company while she was unconscious.

It was natural for Gemma to feel upset.

It was only just for her parents and Seth to worry about her.

Josephine had no choice but to derive comfort from that thought.

However, as she stood before the ward with the fruits she bought, watching the homely scene before her, she could no longer tell herself it was all normal.

Crystal was hugging Gemma, her eyes reddened. "Gem, you scared me. Please don't do anything reckless anymore."

Tears streaked Gemma's face—the face that resembled Josephine's own so much. She seemed to feel wronged.

Seth didn't say anything. He sat in the corner, tossing a pomegranate's rind into the trash can. On the table beside him, there was a bowl of pomegranate arils, nicely removed from the rind.

Josephine shuddered. Untimely memories resurfaced in her mind right then.

She used to love pomegranates too but disliked peeling them.

Seth would pull her into his arms and feed her the arils he'd removed, one by one.

"My princess, you're the only person in the world I'll willingly do this for."

But now, he was doing the same for another woman.

Those were her biological parents in there. That man was her fiance who was head over heels in love with her.

Despite that, Josephine clearly felt she was the outsider instead.

Finally, Josephine couldn't bring herself to stay there any longer. She left the fruits at the door and left in a fluster.

Eventually, she returned home alone.

That night, Jeremy, Crystal, and Seth never returned.

They only came back three days later, but Gemma was with them.

As Josephine went downstairs, she immediately spotted Gemma standing behind Seth, looking at her timidly.

Josephine froze.

Seth shielded Gemma, trying to ease her uneasiness. He said to Josephine, "Josephine, Gemma has just been discharged and has nowhere to stay. It's not good to leave her on her own, so she's going to stay here for the time being. Is that alright with you?"

When Josephine had been unconscious, Gemma had been living in the villa. She moved out after Josephine regained consciousness.

"I'm sorry, Ms. Yates," Gemma said, trembling. "I wasn't trying to ruin your wedding that day. I just… I was just too upset…"

As she spoke, she teared up again.

Crystal quickly comforted her. "Gem, we don't blame you."

Gemma kept her head hung, looking meek. "I'll maintain my boundaries and not give all of you any troubles anymore. It's just that there's a thug lingering about where I stay, and he's harassing me. I'm scared. I'll move once I find a new place…"

Jeremy persuaded Josephine, "Josephine, let's take her in for the time being. She's a pitiful girl. She has no parents."

They'd always described Gemma as "pitiful" to guilt-trip Josephine, as though Josephine would be the bad person here if she refused to agree.

Josephine clenched her fists so tightly her nails bit into her palms, stinging her.

Eventually, she could only nod stiffly, her face as pale as chalk.

That night, Jeremy and Crystal whipped up a generous spread of food. Standing before the table, Josephine stared at the food.

Spicy grilled fish, cajun chicken, stuffed jalapenos…

Josephine remained standing for a long time. The food on the table was all spicy, and she disliked spicy food.

Then, Seth walked over. "Josephine, why aren't you taking your seat?"

Josephine hesitated to say anything. After she sat at the table, she didn't know what she should do.

Sitting on the other side of Seth, Gemma was happily stuffing herself.

"Gem, since you've just been discharged, I've made you the fish you love most. Here, have more," Crystal said. She lovingly served Gemma more of the fish.

Smiling, Gemma accepted it. However, she choked on a fish bone when she was eating.

Seth quickly put down his utensils. "How are you so careless?"

He gently stroked her back and passed her a glass of water. Jeremy and Crystal turned to her, concerned.

Everyone was focused on Gemma. No one noticed that Josephine didn't even take more than a few bites.

Glancing at the table filled with Gemma's favorite food, Josephine was suddenly unsure who was the substitute here.

Without a word, she went up to her room, but no one noticed her.

Dazed, she remembered what her friends had said about Gemma when she had just regained consciousness.

They said Seth was in so much despair that he had no choice but to take Gemma in. He made her dress like Josephine, keep her hair long like Josephine, and put on the same perfume as Josephine.

At first, he wasn't nice to Gemma. In fact, he had been moody.

Gemma dared not tell him when her feet were blistered because the heels she wore weren't a good fit for her. Even though she had an allergic reaction to the perfume, she still wore it.

One day, there was an earthquake overseas where Seth was. He was trapped in the rubble.

Desperate, Gemma searched the rubble for three whole days, draining herself out. Finally, she managed to lead the rescue team to him.

Her actions might've moved Seth, as he slowly stopped being mean to her from then onward. Gemma remained submissive, humbly keeping him and Josephine's parents company. In the end, they all accepted her.

Yet, Josephine woke up right then.

Josephine couldn't help but wonder—if she hadn't woken up, would Gemma really have replaced her?

Would she have garnered all her parents' attention and Seth's… love?

Subconsciously, her heart ached at that thought. She forced herself not to think about that anymore.

In the middle of the night, she was awakened by a bout of pain coming from her abdomen.

It was the first day of her menstruation.

She was in so much pain that her face paled. Toughening up, she went to the kitchen to fetch herself a glass of warm water.

The living room was silent. She only turned on one small lamp in the kitchen.

As she put a few slices of ginger into the boiling water, the tremendous pain brought a frown to her brow.

"Are you okay?" Seth's deep voice came from behind her.

When Seth walked over, he noticed Josephine was making herself some ginger tea.

Stunned, he finally remembered—it was Josephine's first day of menstruation.

However, their dinner tonight consisted of only spicy food, which she didn't like.

Regret flashed across his face. He quickly hugged her. In the gentle tone he'd always used, he said, "It's your first day of period, right? Does it hurt?"

Leaning against him, Josephine thought that his hug didn't feel as warm as before.

Previously, Seth would always remember when her menstruation would start, even though he couldn't even remember his own birthday.

Whenever it was that time of the month, he'd have everything prepared for her. Ginger tea, painkillers, heat patches. He would do anything to spare her from the pain.

Due to his attentiveness, his friends had always teased him, saying he was giving her princess treatment.

However, during the few months after she had regained consciousness, he'd never done any of that. He only remembered when he saw her making her own ginger tea.

It seemed he only had eyes for Gemma now.

Noting Josephine's silence, Seth felt even more guilty. He rolled up his sleeves and took over. Then, as he always had, he fed Josephine the tea.

When she was done, he carried her to the couch and gently rubbed her abdomen.

"I'm sorry, Josephine. I've been too busy lately and have been neglecting you," he apologized tentatively. "I'll make it up to you. Is there anything you want?"

Lying in his arms, Josephine could no longer hold back her feelings. "I want Gemma to leave."

Seth's hand paused on her abdomen.

Unyielding, Josephine continued slowly and clearly, "Not only do I want her to leave our house, but I also want her to get out of our lives altogether."

She knew Seth must be thinking she was downright cruel, but she couldn't tolerate him keeping a substitute who resembled her beside them anymore.

However, Seth, who'd always listened to her, didn't agree to her request. Instead, he gently pressed a kiss on her cheek and changed the topic. "Now, now. Don't make a fuss."

Josephine wanted to say something else, but he'd already kissed her on the lips, stopping her from saying what was on her mind.

A resounding crash rang out in the living room.

Instinctively, Josephine and Seth looked up only to see Gemma standing near the stairs. Tears streaked down her face as she watched them cuddling up to each other.

A shattered glass lay on the floor.

Seth froze and subconsciously pushed Josephine aside. He called out to her. "Gem…"

The next moment, Gemma ran out, sobbing.

It was pouring outside. Seth sprang to his feet. Without even hesitating, he went after Gemma, leaving Josephine alone.

Josephine stared after him in disbelief.

He was worried when Gemma saw them kissing each other.

He didn't want Gemma to leave.

And that was why he panicked and went after her?

Her heart ached tremendously, sending pangs of pain throughout her whole body.

Seth didn't return even when morning came. Josephine called him dozens of times, but he never answered.

It wasn't until the afternoon that she found out something had happened to Gemma again—she had been hit by a car.

It was said that the car had spun out of control and was about to hit Seth. Gemma was the one who shoved him aside, getting hit in his place. Seth had been keeping her company all this while.

Staring at the long list of rejected calls in her call history, Josephine felt her heart shatter into a million pieces.

Gemma was admitted for two weeks, and Seth stayed there with her the entire time. He never came home.

Finally, Josephine couldn't take it anymore. She went to the hospital and located Gemma's ward.

She was about to enter when, through the gap of the ajar door, she saw Gemma holding Seth in a tight embrace.

Sitting on the edge of the bed, she had bandages wrapped around her head as she looked up at Seth tearfully.

"Seth, if Josephine had never regained consciousness, would you have fallen for me?"

Josephine froze as she was about to push the door open. She gazed at Seth too. However, he merely frowned and said nothing.

Gemma choked up as she said, sobbing, "I willingly became her substitute for you, willingly sacrificed my life for you. All I want is your honest answer. Is that too much to ask for?"

The silence was deafening, save for Gemma's sobs.

Josephine kept quiet. Holding her breath, she was also waiting for his answer.

After a long time, she saw Seth's lips move. The next moment, he uttered a soft, "I would."

There was a smash as Josephine dropped whatever she was holding, startling the two people in the ward. Seth looked up and saw her, face as pale as a ghost, standing at the door.

Josephine turned on her heels and walked away. Seth pushed Gemma aside and went after Josephine.

"Josephine!"

It didn't take too long before Josephine felt a tug on her hand.

Noticing the tears in her eyes, Seth explained in a fluster, "Josephine, it's not what you think. Gemma has just had her surgery done and is too weak now. She mustn't be agitated, so I—"

Josephine interrupted, "So you had to say those things to comfort her?"

Seth had always been the school heartthrob since young. Numerous girls and women had confessed their love to him, but no matter what anyone said or did, his gaze never left Josephine.

Dazed, Seth frowned and said helplessly, "Josephine, Gemma's saved my life, after all. Taking into account the incident three years ago, she has saved me twice. If it weren't for her, I wouldn't still be breathing when you woke up. Can't you think of this as a way to make it up to her?"

"Had you really hoped I would regain consciousness?" Josephine almost blurted. However, she could still think straight.

She gazed at his face in silence.

Seth's grip on her hand was so tight. It reminded her back when they were 18, when he said he would never let her go.

But the next moment, the nurse hurried out of Gemma's ward, saying Gemma had fainted again. His grip immediately loosened.

Seth didn't explain. He simply turned and left.

Josephine's gaze followed him, the piercing pain in her heart no longer something she could ignore.

However, she didn't have the grounds to tell Seth to ignore Gemma.

Who was she to tell him to ignore someone who saved his life?

Moments after she left the hospital, she received a call from her parents.

An eternity seemed to have passed since Crystal last expressed her concern. "Josephine, how have you been lately? Are you suffering from any complications? Have you been well?"

Josephine denied it.

Crystal continued the conversation with a few breaks throughout. She didn't sound like herself.

Josephine understood that her parents wanted to tell her something. "Dad, Mom, just say what's on your mind."

There was a brief silence before Crystal replied, stuttering, "Josephine… Could you n-not… n-not kiss Seth before Gem anymore? Gem c-can't take it in her current condition… She has been through too much in these three years. Try not to p-provoke her."

Josephine shuddered, as though a streak of lightning had struck her.

Her biological parents had just told her not to kiss her fiance because they didn't want Gemma to be upset,

Josephine could hear her own voice trembling. "Dad, Mom, have you forgotten I am your daughter, not her?"

There was another long pause. However, in the end, all her parents said was, "Josephine, please. Can you do that for us?"

At that instance, Josephine felt her world crumble before her eyes.

Gemma always said she had lost everything after Josephine woke up, even though everything didn't belong to her in the first place anyway.

But right then, Josephine had the sudden feeling that she was the one who was about to lose everything.

She didn't understand why everything had changed in three short years.

Was her many years of relationship with them nothing in comparison to their fake daughter—Gemma?

The sun was shining bright, but Josephine was freezing.

From that day onward, Seth stayed at the hospital to take care of Gemma. Jeremy and Crystal would occasionally visit Gemma there.

No one remembered to check on Josephine.

Living in the massive villa alone, she felt her insides dying faster than when she was lying in the hospital.

Another week passed when Seth suddenly returned home, behaving as though nothing had happened between them. He no longer kept Gemma company, nor did he mention her anymore. Instead, he took Josephine to get the strawberry shortcake she loved.

As he pulled her into his arms, he said, "Josephine, I'm sorry for what happened. I'll be by your side from now on, okay?"

Josephine didn't know why he had suddenly changed, but after having loved each other for so many years, she would rather believe she had been overthinking previously.

Seth would never fall in love with someone who was only her substitute.

He just couldn't neglect Gemma because she had saved him so many times.

After the near-death experience, Josephine had come to learn to treasure her loved ones. She didn't want to waste her time giving them the cold shoulder or quarreling with them.

Not probing further, she hugged Seth back and silently nodded.

Since then, Seth never left her side. Except for work, he spent the rest of his time with her and no longer brought up Gemma.

It was as though things had fallen back into place, back when they only had each other.

The uneasiness in her heart slowly died away.

Soon, Josephine's birthday came.

Seth deliberately put his work on hold that day just to celebrate her birthday with her. He took her to the outdoor cinema at Star Valley Park. Revisiting the park brought up old memories.

Seth had confessed to her there many years back. She remembered that night—the fireworks, and the teenager who only had eyes for her.

She could never wipe that night from her memory.

She looked around at the venue, which was decorated the same way it had been back when they were 16. She was moved. "Oh, you remembered."

Seth held her close. "Of course I do."

Back when he was 16, he was bold and reckless. He had only ever panicked when he confessed to her. That short sentence came out in a stutter as he was nervous. When he kissed her, even his ears turned red.

Nothing stirred the heart more than a flustered teenager.

That was the moment they were the most in love with each other.

Soon, the movie started.

Seth held Josephine in his arms. They cuddled up against each other.

Throughout the movie, his phone kept ringing. However, he merely cast it a glance and ignored it.

Eventually, after the umpteenth time, Josephine couldn't help but remind him. "Aren't you going to answer that?"

Seth was calm. "It's just telemarketing. Ignore it."

Josephine nodded and let it slide.

Halfway through the movie, Seth got up to use the restroom.

He left his phone behind. Suddenly, it rang again. Josephine checked it, thinking that it was yet another telemarketing call and wanted to reject it for him.

However, she saw a weird caller ID on the screen. Instead of a name, it was a letter—"L".

Back in her schooling days, there was a saying that since lovers, friends, and family were all one's loved ones, the letter "L" symbolized the most important people in one's life.

She shuddered and subconsciously answered the call.

The next moment, she heard Gemma's pitiful voice. "Seth, I'm sorry. I won't smile at that male resident doctor ever again. Please don't be mad anymore, okay? I promise you I'll only smile at you from now on. I really miss you… It's been a long while since you visited. You can't still be jealous…"

Right then, Josephine felt herself freezing up as though her blood had turned into ice.

The next instance, someone snatched the phone from her. Seeing who was on the phone, Seth hung it up. He then turned to her and asked, "Why did you answer my phone behind my back?"

His tone was cold and reprimanding. It was a tone he had never used with Josephine.

Every word he said landed a heavy blow on her, crushing her with every syllabus.

Looking up at him, she was trembling down to every breath. "But if I hadn't, I wouldn't have known the reason you've been home with me lately is because you're… you're mad at Gemma!"

She couldn't bring herself to utter the word "jealous" because it was all too ironic.

How could it be that Seth only came home to her because he was jealous over something another woman did? Yet, the truth was laid bare before her.

That call practically shredded all the blissful moments they had had that day.

Seth paused before saying, "You're overthinking it. I just wanted to be with you."

"Oh, yeah?" Josephine suppressed the dull aching in her chest as she looked at him. "Look into my eyes and say that again, that Gemma isn't the reason you're coming home to me.

"Seth Powell, look into my eyes and repeat what you said."

Her confrontation frustrated him. "Why are you so bothered with Gemma? There's really nothing between us," he retorted.

If there was really nothing between them, then why couldn't he do what she told him to?

Just as things became tense, Seth's phone rang again. This time, it was from Jeremy and Crystal. They said Gemma had fainted in the hospital again.

Seth was clearly panicked.

After ending the call, he noticed Josephine's eyes were red and remembered it was her birthday today. He shouldn't have argued with her.

"Josephine, I shouldn't have raised my voice just now. I'm sorry," he said in a calmer tone, yet the way he picked up his coat betrayed how anxious he was.

Despite what he said, Josephine could sense that his mind was elsewhere.

Indeed, the next moment, he put on his coat and hurried off. "Gemma fainted, so I must leave now. I'll throw you another birthday celebration next time."

How ironic… How ironic it all was!

There was a rumble in the sky, foreseeing a downpour.

The rain went on for the entire night, and Josephine stayed put until morning came, when the rain finally receded. She didn't budge an inch even though her lips were now colorless.

Seth never returned.

At that moment, her phone vibrated. She received a new message, and it was from Gemma.

The text read, "I'm sorry, Ms. Yates. I didn't mean to interrupt your date with Seth. I told him to go back to you, but he refused to. He was worried about me and insisted on staying by my side."

She then sent a photo of Seth sleeping on the edge of the bed.

Staring at the photo, Josephine started to tear up. No longer able to hold back, she called Gemma.

Gemma answered after a few seconds.

Before she could speak, Josephine said coldly, "Gemma, you don't have to provoke me like that. Do you need me to remind you how you've come to gain everything you have now? If it weren't for your face, do you think Seth and my parents would've glanced your way?

"This is the last time I'll be saying this—enough is enough. Stop your childish acts once and for all."

Then, she hung up on Gemma.

She'd had enough of Gemma's subtle provocation. As gentle as Josephine was, she couldn't help but flash her fangs back.

Forcefully getting to her feet, she returned home. Her face was deathly pale.

She took a hot bath but felt so sick that she fell asleep in the bathtub. When she woke up, she realized her body was burning. After staying out in the rain for the entire night, she had developed a fever.

Pushing through the discomfort, she put on her clothes and staggered to the living room in search of medication to reduce her fever.

Suddenly, someone flung the door open.

Barely able to keep her eyes open, Josephine saw Seth marching toward her furiously. He demanded, "What on earth did you say to her? Is Gemma such a bother to you?"

Josephine was still in a daze when Seth hurled a letter at her.

That was when she found out that Gemma had left behind a farewell letter.

In the letter, Gemma wrote that she knew Josephine couldn't tolerate her presence, so she left and would never come into their lives again. Between the lines, she hinted that Josephine was the one who drove her away.

Seeing the fury in Seth's eyes, Josephine suddenly thought that the fever was actually quite bearable compared to the situation she was in.

What could possibly upset her more than seeing the state Seth was in?

She cast the letter aside and said coldly, "Get your facts straight. She's the one who wants to leave. I never forced her to."

"She hasn't recovered from the injuries she sustained during the car crash!"

Fed up with his excuses, Josephine questioned, "Is that so? Or are you just reluctant for her to leave you?"

Seth was stunned. He looked at her as though she had changed into a completely different person. "Josephine, since when have you changed?"

Josephine wanted to know too. How did they end up like that?

Just then, the doors opened once again. Jeremy and Crystal rushed in, looking anxious. They had clearly come because of Gemma too.

The moment they entered, they started reprimanding Josephine.

"What's wrong with you? Didn't we tell you not to provoke Gem?"

"She isn't feeling well and has been recently involved in a car crash. Now that she is all alone without money and a place to stay, what if anything happens to her?"

"Josephine, you used to be so kind. Why have you become so mean?"

The three most important people in Josephine's life were antagonizing her, counting her faults.

Clenching her fists tight, she felt her heart pound furiously as the fever enveloped her. A searing pain shot through her whole body, and her vision blurred.

The overwhelming despair finally defeated her, and she blacked out.

When Josephine woke up, she was in the hospital, attached to an IV drip. However, no one was there with her. Seth and her parents were occupied, trying to locate Gemma's whereabouts.

After the treatment, Josephine went home alone. For a long time, she was, once again, the only living thing in the villa.

Seth never returned. She knew he was turning the city upside down trying to find Gemma.

Her parents were always listless. Crystal would cling to Gemma's photo. As though Josephine were invisible, she would reminisce about those three years during which Josephine had been unconscious.

"When you were in a coma, Gem accompanied me every day. She said she didn't have a mother and thought of me as her own."

"Oh, Gem. Where are you?"

Crystal sobbed wholeheartedly. She didn't realize that her own daughter was shaking all over, eyes filled with despair.

After many more days, Seth finally returned. But before he could even take off his coat, he received another call from his assistant, Billy Green.

Josephine overheard Billy say, "Mr. Powell, someone said that they'd spotted Ms. Terrell in the bar. The bodyguards are heading there." 

With a smile, Seth picked up his car keys and ran out. He didn't even cast Josephine a glance.

Josephine thought she had gotten used to the heartache of seeing them fawn over Gemma, and that nothing could stir any emotions in her anymore. However, after what just happened, her heart clenched so hard she couldn't breathe.

Her nails dug into her palms. Taking her car keys, she followed Seth.

…

At The Ivy Bar, all the guests had been cleared off the premises. Only the owner and the waiters were left, trembling in the presence of the group of men clad in black and the furious man in their lead.

When Josephine arrived, she heard the resounding crash of a chair being smashed.

Looking up, she saw Seth harshly grabbing a waiter's collar. His tone was grim when he asked, "Tell me again, what did she do here yesterday?"

The waiter stammered out of fear, "S-She drank a f-few rounds with the man who a-approached her."

There was another loud crash as Seth shattered another chair.

Josephine stared at him, who was clearly in a frenzy. It all seemed so familiar yet strange to her at the same time.

Seth was very possessive, and she knew that better than anyone else.

During her sophomore year of high school, she had unintentionally accepted a love letter from someone else.

Because of that, he sulked in jealousy for a week. In the end, he picked a fight with the other boy. Only after that did he finally cool off.

And now, he was even more possessive than he used to be.

Back then, he had earned bruises to the corners of his lips after the fight.

Josephine had applied ointment to his bruises while calling him insane. Seth never retaliated. Instead, he had hugged her tightly.

"Josephine, I am insane, no doubt, and you're the only one who can cure me."

Their love grew rapidly when they were teenagers, and there was no stopping it.

Yet now, Josephine watched as he went crazy over Gemma. At that moment, she could no longer deceive herself.

Even the most fertile land would one day lose its nutrients, just like how their intense love for each other had dissipated into nothingness.

That teenager who was once head over heels in love with her was no longer there.

As the ruckus went on, Josephine watched as Seth fell into despair because he couldn't find Gemma. She choked up, as though someone was clenching her throat. It was so painful she couldn't breathe.

It hurt so much.

Then, her phone vibrated. Struggling, she turned it on and saw a text from a familiar number.

"Do you understand now, Josephine? Even if I leave, Seth is no longer yours."

With reddened eyes, Josephine read every word of the message. Then, she reread every message Gemma had been sending her lately.

Seth almost went mad trying to look for Gemma, but no one knew that she was texting Josephine every day.
