---
layout: novel
titleO: "No More Tomorrows with You"
title: "No More Tomorrows with You"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 502
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-23 15:02:44"
rating: 3.9
rating_count: 46
---

Late one night, Samantha Norton wore nothing under her clothes, hoping she could get closer to her agent, Raymond Holt, whom she had secret feelings for.

However, he used all his strength to shove her aside, the disdainful look in his eyes clearly screaming that she should have a sense of propriety and shame.

She had loved him for ten years, and it was a known fact to everyone. During that time, she had used all sorts of tricks at her disposal, yet he never desired her, not even a little.

Samantha assumed that he was always emotionally detached, that was, until the day she stumbled upon him masturbating to a picture of her adopted sister, Tiffany Jensen.

Only then had she realized that he had desires—but not for her. They were for someone else. 

In that moment, she finally gave up on him. 

The next day, she went to find her older brother, Hector Norton.

"I've chosen to retire from the industry. I'll be giving up on the international film role and leaving the country as per your arrangement."

Samantha's tone was light as she told Hector of her decision.

Hector paused briefly, but then triumphant excitement flashed past his eyes. A gentle smile swiftly curled his lips.

"Since you're willing to leave the industry, I'll talk to the shareholders about your compensation. I'll also handle the ambassador contracts Norton Group has signed with those luxury brands. You're an artist under Norton Group, so I certainly won't mistreat you. 

"Besides that, I'll arrange for you to leave with ten million dollars worth of assets."

"Is that a joke?" Samantha tapped her finger on the table. "I practically built up Norton Group's entire entertainment sector, yet that's all the compensation you're paying me? Sorry, but I want at least one billion dollars."

The smile on Hector's face froze, and the pen he had been holding fell to the floor. He stared in disbelief at his younger sister.

"Samantha, are you crazy? One billion dollars? Why don't you rob a bank instead?"

Taking in his loss of composure, Samantha scoffed and stood up.

"Can't bear to part with that measly amount? Then I guess this deal is over."

Hector frowned before snarling through gritted teeth, "Fine, I'll agree to your terms! However, I have two conditions. One, you have to officially leave the industry within two weeks. Two, you will never appear at any events that might affect Tiffany's career progression."

Tiffany was a new star who had risen to prominence overnight. Norton Group had worked hard to portray her as an innocent and beautiful goddess. The image they painted of her was that of a gentle and endearing woman, with a temperament that could easily invoke sympathy from others.

She was but an adopted daughter of the Norton family, yet Hector treated her way better than he did his own biological younger sister.

"You know how Tiffany has been living in your shadow all these years," Hector uttered lowly. "She didn't even dare to compete with you over this movie and had no choice but to come and beg me. She said she would rather die than lose the lead actress role in this movie."

He couldn't bear Tiffany suffering even the slightest injustice, so even if he had to snatch the role from Samantha, he would do it. After all, this was a rare opportunity for Tiffany to make it big.

Samantha's ruby red lips quirked into a smirk as she eyed her brother disdainfully.

"So that's why you're threatening me? All so you can satisfy your precious Tiffany's wish?"

"Sammy, you've always been understanding and reasonable. You know what Tiffany's like. If you insist on fighting for the lead actress role, she certainly won't be able to handle it."

He deliberately avoided mentioning how Tiffany had overdosed and ended up hospitalized, thereby scaring him half to death.

Samantha turned to look out the floor-to-ceiling windows. The piercing sunlight outside was blinding, hiding the desolation lurking in her eyes.

"Since the day Mom passed away, the sibling card stopped working on me. You have one day to make up your mind. 

"Oh, I have another condition. I want to break my contract with Raymond." Her tone was calm as she spoke. "That way, he can help Tiffany without any more reservations."

"What?" A meaningful look entered Hector's eyes as he raised a brow. "But he's the man you've secretly loved for the past seven years, no?"

Samantha didn't refute the question, merely retorting with, "Yeah, well, you've been in love with Tiffany for ten years, haven't you?"

With that said, she didn't linger any longer and turned to leave.

She had long since learned from the housekeeper about Hector and Tiffany sleeping together. However, she had been unable to gather any concrete evidence.

Hector's last sentence had truly hit her where it hurt most. The intense agony crashed over her, causing her thoughts to drift.

Her love for Raymond had indeed been what kept her going all these years. Unfortunately, he only had eyes for Tiffany.

Tiffany was originally the daughter of the Norton family's driver. Ten years ago, a car accident took the lives of both their fathers. The Norton family decided to look after the orphaned Tiffany, but she refused to change her surname.

Ever since losing her father's protection, Samantha had found the Norton residence growing increasingly suffocating for her.

This was especially felt when the Norton family announced their adoption of Tiffany on the day Samantha turned 18.

It was originally supposed to be a joyous occasion with two happy events, but Samantha's newly calm life was thoroughly shattered from that moment on.

At her coming-of-age party, Samantha accepted a toast from Tiffany, after which she inexplicably lost control over her desires. Before she knew what she was doing, she was entangled in a passionate embrace with a man in a second-floor room, clad only in her underwear.

By the time she woke up in the bathtub, almost completely naked, the Norton family members and the party guests were already crowding the doorway.

Upon seeing this scene, her mother was so enraged that she fainted, whereas Hector strode forward and slapped her harshly. Only Samantha herself knew that she was still untainted.

She accused Tiffany of setting her up, but not a single person, be it her friends or family, believed her.

Tiffany clutched Samantha's mother, who had fallen unconscious and collapsed to the floor, to her while tears rolled down her cheeks in a beautifully tragic display.

She wailed about how she had only just joined the Norton family, but if Samantha didn't like her, she could always leave for the orphanage.

That same day, Samantha's mother suffered from a brain hemorrhage and passed away.

At her funeral, Hector stepped forward and accused Samantha of being loose. Pointing at the blood-stained bedsheet, he claimed she was more than willing to sleep with any man.

No matter how hard she tried to say she was innocent, nobody believed her. In the end, rumors about how the precious daughter of the Norton family had gone wild during her birthday party and angered her mother to death started spreading across the elite circles of Huxville.

From then on, Samantha became the biggest humiliation of the Norton family. In contrast, Tiffany suddenly became the most beloved daughter.

Not only was Samantha kicked out of the family, but Hector even pulled her out of the drama school she had been studying at.

However, the more things were like that, the more Samantha wanted to prove herself. She even went as far as returning home and threatening Hector at knifepoint not to hurt her anymore.

In the end, he agreed, but he never once allocated her any resources after that. He wanted her to struggle and fail on her own, after which he would marry her off to a random rich playboy.

Hence, only Samantha herself knew just how arduous her journey had been so far.

For the next three years, she had to attend many social events and dinners, where it was common for actresses like her to sleep with men to gain resources. Nevertheless, she tried her best to remain pure.

The turning point in her life came when she met Raymond. At the time, he was an up-and-coming agent in the entertainment industry.

He had appeared at the social event that marked the darkest chapter of Samantha's life. With a frown, he resolutely brought her away from there and protected her.

After that, they signed a contract, and Raymond scored her a movie role that became her first box office hit, with over 100 million tickets sold.

Following her sudden rise to fame, they became the perfect partners. With the resources, brand endorsements, and leading roles Raymond found for her, he turned her into one of the most sought-after celebrities in just a year.

As for Samantha, every time Raymond chose her without a doubt, her feelings for him grew just a tiny bit more, until she fell irrevocably in love with him.

Upon realizing that, she couldn't stop herself from using every opportunity she could find to flirt with him. She would cook him meals and give him presents, even care for him unwaveringly when he was sick. Despite him pushing her away time and again, she willingly continued with her actions.

Even this last time, when she had approached him while scantily clad and had been refused, she had still naively thought that he would one day notice her if she never gave up her efforts.

But then, she saw him at Tiffany's lingerie photoshoot. He looked utterly dazed, with yearning deep in his eyes.

It was blatantly obvious that Raymond was aroused by the sight of Tiffany in lingerie.

Samantha felt a chill wash over her, her body trembling uncontrollably. It was as though her heart was being ripped to pieces.

Raymond entered a secluded backstage lounge, which was beside the changing room where Samantha was getting ready for the next photoshoot. Only one wall separated them.

His low voice rang out. "I only became the agent for that bitch from the Norton family because I had no choice. Who would've thought the daughter the Nortons favored would have the surname Jensen and not Norton? If I hadn't mistaken Samantha for her, I wouldn't have missed out on so many years with Tiffany."

A round of laughter came from several unfamiliar male voices on the other end of the phone.

"Wow, Raymond. You're the precious son of the Goodwin family from Salthor. Have you forgotten that the reason you joined the entertainment industry using your mother's surname was because you wanted to prove you were capable? Since you like Tiffany, why not just invest in her and win her heart?"

"That's right! If you like her so much, just confess. Why bother with being Samantha's agent? She was kicked out of the family long ago—she's no longer a Norton. I heard that Tiffany has it rough at the Norton residence because of that bitch."

Raymond let out a soft cough and responded in a low voice, "I know. Tiffany is the daughter of the Norton family's driver, and they adopted her only because they pitied her. But with how petty Samantha is, if I rashly start pursuing Tiffany, she's bound to give me trouble.

"That's why I have to deal with Samantha first. Only then can I boldly start pursuing Tiffany without worry."

The men on the other end of the line instantly clamored.

"Who would've thought that you, Mr. Iceberg, would melt for Tiffany? And here I thought you would've fallen in love with Samantha, considering how you're by such a gorgeous woman's side every day."

"Right? Everyone in the industry knows that Samantha is gorgeous. Even now, there are capitalists from Juxberg wanting to woo her…"

Raymond scoffed coldly. "Me, falling in love with Samantha? As if! She's nothing but a slut who had a roll in the sheets with a random man on her 18th birthday. How could such a filthy woman possibly compare to Tiffany?"

"Then doesn't that mean your investment and support over the past few years were a waste?"

When Raymond heard that question, he answered in an icy tone, "No. The higher she climbs in the industry, the harder she'll fall. Isn't that even better?"

Samantha shrank back in a dark corner of the changing room. Every word out of Raymond's lips morphed into daggers stabbing into her heart.

In that instant, the love she had kept hidden for seven years swiftly dissipated.

Back in the present, Samantha snapped out of her thoughts and pressed the button for the elevator. When she arrived at the underground parking lot, she noticed Raymond's sports car parked in a corner.

The vehicle was swaying violently, and the windows were fogged over. Besides that, the distinct sound of a man's rough panting and a woman's sweet moans reached her ears.

Samantha froze on the spot, her vision slowly blurring. Suddenly, through a gap in the window, she spotted a pale wrist glinting with the shine of diamonds.

It was none other than the gift she had bought at an auction for Raymond when she was in Merlaia half a year ago for an audition—a ten-million-dollar customised diamond bracelet.

Now, it was adorning Tiffany's wrist.

How very ironic.

When Raymond heard her approaching, he rolled the window down slightly to peek out. His fringe stuck to his damp forehead. The darkness and fog vaguely concealed his familiar features from her, but they failed to hide the panic that crossed his face at being caught.

The moment he raised his head and locked eyes with her, the atmosphere around them seemed to freeze.

Raymond abruptly snapped his head around and swiftly hugged a slender figure closer to him.

His movements were quick and practiced, almost instinctive.

Samantha stared at the face buried into his chest, with only a hint of fair shoulders exposed. Just that sight was already enough to drive another dagger into her heart.

She was more than familiar with Tiffany's face.

A mocking smirk curled her lips, even as she dug her nails into her palms so hard that blood welled up. The pain was nothing compared to what her broken heart felt like.

Awkwardly clearing his throat to conceal his embarrassment, Raymond said in a hoarse voice, "Why… are you here?"

He tried to pretend to be calm, yet the smell coming from inside the car and the fair figure he was hiding made it obvious what had went on.

Samantha noticed how his eyes were shifty and his tone distant. Yet, he tightened his grip on Tiffany and moved to protect her better.

Was he afraid she would hurt Tiffany?

"Why can't I be here?"

She slowly took several steps closer, the sound of her heels clacking against the concrete startlingly loud.

When she arrived at the car window, she paused and looked down at him. "There's a press conference tomorrow morning. Attend it with me."

Raymond's expression changed as his brows subconsciously furrowed. A hint of impatience and rejection flashed past his eyes.

"I'm busy tomorrow," he replied. After all, Tiffany had finally agreed to watch a movie with him tomorrow, which was a rare thing.

"Oh?" Samantha nodded, her gaze indifferent. "That's a pity. I heard that Mr. Lund would be present."

Raymond paused, visibly surprised. "You mean the man who received the best director award this year?"

"Yes," she answered placidly. "Tiffany has been desperately wanting to star in Mr. Lund's new film, hasn't she? Didn't she say she was even willing to take a cameo role without any lines? If you go tomorrow, who knows, you might be able to snag her the role of lead actress."

There was a beat of silence before Raymond raised a brow and said, "Alright, I'll go with you."

Samantha couldn't help but smile self-deprecatingly.

For Tiffany's sake, Raymond was even willing to agree to go to a movie press conference, something he absolutely hated. He didn't even care that he had to attend it with the "slutty bitch" that was Samantha.

The past year, he had been willing to sacrifice everything for the sake of paving the way for his beloved.

Samantha turned to leave, suddenly feeling exhausted, both mentally and physically.

Since all the people around her couldn't help but wish for her to disappear, she would oblige them.

She wondered how long Raymond's love for Tiffany would last once he found out she and Hector were also in an ambiguous relationship.

…

The next day, the media reporters were a veritable wall of cameras and microphones at the press conference.

Dressed in an ivory white gown, Samantha walked out from backstage. Her delicately made-up face made her appear youthful and in her prime.

Her appearance instantly drew the attention of everyone present.

The spotlight focused on her as she stood in the middle of the stage, her gaze firm and calm. It was as though the agony and heartbreak that tormented her last night were simply a thing of the past.

In the next second, there was a stir in the crowd.

"Who's that?"

"Is that Tiffany Jensen? Why is she here?"

 Samantha tilted her head slightly to look in the direction the media reporters were staring.

Tiffany strutted into the venue in stiletto heels, her crimson gown lending her the air of a lead actress from a movie. She appeared gentle and graceful, yet also delicate and endearing.

There, standing beside her, was none other than Raymond in a sleek suit, a cool expression on his face.

They looked like a match made in heaven.

Raymond was whispering something into Tiffany's ear, causing her to purse her lips into a shy smile.

After the press conference, the media reporters and the special guests lingered in the event hall.

Simon Lund was surrounded by investors, each eagerly currying his favor in hopes of securing an audition opportunity for the lead actress role in his new film.

Eyes flashing at the sight, Samantha headed over with a glass of champagne in hand.

"Mr. Lund, I have someone I would like to recommend to you."

Upon hearing that, Simon paused briefly before turning to look at her in surprise. "Oh? Aren't you interested in the role yourself?"

Shaking her head, Samantha explained that she wasn't suited for such a role. Then, she beckoned for a young woman standing off to the side to come over.

The young woman had sweet features and a composed air around her similar to Tiffany's, but she was younger, more beautiful, and more innocent.

"This is my junior. She's the most talented student the film academy produced this year, and she truly does have a knack for the big screen!"

"Is that so?"

Simon shot the young woman an interested look.

Samantha chuckled and took the younger woman's hand, adding, "Her temperament and character are quite suited for the role of the female lead. You can test out her acting skills right now. I assure you, you won't be disappointed."

Raymond, who had been standing nearby, instantly frowned, his expression darkening. He snapped at Samantha impatiently, "Are you so bored that you're stirring up trouble?"

"I'm just letting talent speak for itself. Is there a problem?"

Samantha turned to look at Tiffany and let out a snort.

Immediately, Tiffany acted as though she had been wronged. "Ray, I told you that Sammy wouldn't be friendly to me…"

Her words instantly brought a disgusted and scornful look to Raymond's eyes, and he didn't even bother hiding it.

However, Tiffany was still adding fuel to the fire. "Only you treat me well, Ray. If it weren't for you finding a way to buy me these heels, I wouldn't have known how to match my shoes to my dress today. 

"You must have spent a fortune on these, right? I'll put them away nicely in my shoe cabinet after today and won't wear them unless it's an important occasion."

Raymond's expression swiftly turned gentle. "As long as you like them, Ms. Jensen. It wasn't much trouble for me."

It wasn't much trouble? Those shoes had sold like hot cakes in the country and were completely out of stock. Even overseas purchasing agents couldn't get their hands on any. The only way someone could have gotten a pair was if they had deliberately sought out the brand and ordered it.

"Then once I've gotten the role, I'll return the favor." Tiffany smiled widely and triumphantly.

Raymond hastily waved his hand. "No need for that. I can't possibly ask you to spend money on me."

"Sammy," Tiffany suddenly started provoking her, "I remember that you like this brand too. Why don't you have Ray buy you a pair as well? Oh… Do you not like them?"

Samantha simply swept a cold glance over her. "I've never been interested in shoes. However, I am interested in seeing how you'll cry, throw a tantrum, and threaten to commit suicide when you fail to get the role. You've been dreaming about securing the lead actress role for this movie, haven't you? Well, I won't let you get your way!"

She had only just finished speaking when Tiffany's personal assistant, Martha Shanks, shot Samantha an arrogant look from beside Tiffany. 

Martha said, "Ms. Norton, you don't have to worry about that. Your brother's already declared that he'll do whatever's necessary to ensure Ms. Tiffany joins the crew with funding."

Tiffany purposely threw a challenging smile at Samantha. "Sammy, it seems you won't get to see me cry. After all, Hector is willing to spend a substantial amount of money to help me join the crew. You, on the other hand, don't have that much money, do you?"

Hearing that, Samantha sneered. If this had been in the past, then she truly wouldn't have had that amount of money.

Back then, to buy off the scandalous photos of her at the hotel, all the commissions she earned from taking on jobs ended up in Hector's hands. She would only receive ten thousand dollars each month as her salary.

If it weren't for Raymond's help, she wouldn't have even had a decent piece of jewelry to wear while attending events.

In contrast, Tiffany's room was practically overflowing with priceless jewelry.

Nonetheless, it was different now, as Samantha would soon have one billion dollars. She fished out her phone and checked for a transaction record.

"Mr. Lund, I'm willing to give you a deposit of ten million dollars to allow my junior the opportunity to audition for the lead actress role."

The crowd instantly grew agitated. Simon was also taken aback and asked, "A-Are you sure?"

"Of course," she replied with a light smile, radiating grace and charm.

Turning to Tiffany, she added, "Tiffany, I'll ruin anything you wish to have. Even if I have to leave the industry, you still won't get what you want—I'll make sure of that."

Tiffany went pale while her eyes reddened. She looked on the verge of crying as she turned to yell at Martha, "Hurry up and tell Hector to invest more money!"

Martha hastily ran backstage to make the call.

Meanwhile, Samantha calmly tucked a strand of hair behind her ear, watching as Martha eventually returned, red-faced and looking panicked.

All of Norton Group's working capital was now in her hands, so Hector wouldn't have any excess money to invest in the film.

Just as everyone thought Samantha had won, a man in a business suit abruptly stood up and approached the stage with a folder. "On behalf of the Goodwin Foundation, I announce that we will invest 200 million dollars in Mr. Lund's new film."

Those words instantly sent everyone present into an uproar.

"200 million dollars?"

"The Goodwin Foundation? Doesn't it belong to that prestigious family from Salthor, the Goodwins?"

The representative spoke up once more. "However, we have one request."

After sweeping his gaze across the crowd, he finally locked onto Tiffany.

"We hope that you'll give priority consideration to Ms. Tiffany Jensen for the role of lead actress."

Samantha froze, her heart clenching in her chest.

Before the tears on Tiffany's face could dry, she was being surrounded by media reporters and other investors, who showered her with a litany of praise.

"Just how charming must she be to have the Goodwin family specifically select her?"

"Looks like Tiffany's caught the attention of a super-wealthy man…"

"I've heard that Mr. Goodwin's identity is a mystery, but he's quite strict when it comes to people."

As the crowd murmured in discussion around her, Tiffany felt her heart pounding like a drum, not because of shock, but because of excitement and delight.

She thought Mr. Goodwin had to be another one of her admirers who was willing to dump money on her. Eyes red, she lowered her head and bit her lip. When she raised her head again, she wore her signature delicate and graceful smile.

Yet, there was no hiding the smug arrogance in her eyes when she looked at Samantha.

She had won once again.

"Is Mr. Goodwin here right now? I would like to personally thank him," Tiffany asked softly, a flush on her cheeks.

The representative answered respectfully, "It isn't convenient for Mr. Goodwin to make his appearance right now. Once the time is right, he'll personally drop by the set."

Samantha stood in the crowd, her gaze frosty.

"Raymond Holt, you sure are ruthless!" she thought.

The chandelier overhead lit up the event hall in a majestic light, while the tinkling of champagne glasses and the sparkling of glimmering jewelry added to the atmosphere. Camera flashes, pretentious laughter, and gossip filled every corner of the room.

Tiffany took to the crowd like a duck to water. Every now and then, her sweet voice would drift over. Meanwhile, a large and silent figure never left her side as Raymond shadowed her like a loyal bodyguard. The way he leaned down slightly to listen to her speak, his eyes locked onto her unwaveringly, only furthered that image.

No one was aware of his real identity, that the generous "Mr. Goodwin" was none other than the top agent, Raymond Holt.

No one except Samantha, that was.

From this action alone, Samantha could tell Raymond's true feelings and finally understood where she stood in his heart.

Suddenly finding the entire situation boring, she decided to leave.

While passing by several reporters huddled together in a low-voiced discussion, she overheard her name being mentioned.

"Nowadays, Samantha really isn't anything much. She's been completely overshadowed by Tiffany."

"I'm beginning to wonder if that international title she received, 'the queen without a crown,' was nothing but a self-appointed title. I haven't seen anyone confirm it."

"Wasn't Raymond originally her agent? Even he's been snatched away by Tiffany now…"

"The investors have all realized that her time is over. She has no value anymore."

Their words felt like a bucket of ice water being dumped over her head.

Letting out a soft but self-mocking laugh, Samantha grabbed the champagne from the table and tossed it back.

She honestly couldn't understand what was so attractive about Tiffany. Hector was an idiot, so she could forgive him for it, but even someone with such strong principles as Raymond had been willing to protect her in front of the crowd. Not just that, but he even used his status as an investor from the Goodwin Foundation to invest in her.

All her hard work and efforts couldn't even compare to a demure smile from Tiffany.

If it weren't for the one billion dollars she had serving as a safety net, she would've felt utterly abandoned and become the laughingstock of the entire city.

Now, she no longer wanted a front-row seat to Raymond's passion and love for Tiffany, nor did she care to hear about how the investors had given up on her. She headed for the exit, needing to vent her emotions.

Outside, the sky was a dusky pink, littered with streaks of orange.

From the moment she confirmed that the one Raymond loved was Tiffany, Samantha had lost the will to continue fighting. 

Only the thrill of life-or-death speeds at the suburban racetrack could dispel the frustration churning inside her.

A figure clad in red swiftly cut through the crowd. The red racing suit clung to Samantha's every curve, and when she stood before that new racecar, her back straightened proudly. She instantly drew the attention of everyone present like a burning flare.

Several young racecar drivers surrounded her, all familiar faces in the racing world.

"Samantha, are you really going to race today?"

A man with studs in his pierced earlobes teased, "It seems your outfit isn't just for show, huh?"

"Oh? Scared I'll beat you?" Samantha retorted with a chuckle, her tone challenging. 

Another man stepped closer. He had well-defined facial features and exuded a mysterious air, though he also gave off an indifferent vibe that caused others to instinctively avoid him.

"Ms. Norton, I heard you've been canceling scheduled appearances and terminating endorsement deals. Besides that, you've also refused several international invites. Are you planning to retire from the entertainment industry?"

Raising a brow, Samantha didn't answer.

She didn't recognize the man, but even though this was their first meeting, she felt an inexplicable sense of familiarity. 

However, before she could ponder over it further, a couple of unwelcome people arrived.

Raymond immediately noticed Samatha among the crowd of men, and his expression darkened.

Beside him, Tiffany was hugging his arm, looking at ease with the intimate gesture as a gentle smile graced her lips. However, when she noticed Raymond's gaze locked onto Samantha, a malicious look appeared in her eyes.

This was the first time Raymond learned of Samantha's ability to race. That obedient and submissive woman had transformed into a hot and sexy racer, causing a rare glint of amazement to shine in his eyes. For a moment, he was lost in a daze.

"Ray?"

Tiffany's sweet voice snapped him out of his wandering thoughts. At the same time, she stealthily shot a staff member nearby a meaningful look.

That staff member immediately put on a cap and slowly made his way through the crowd, eventually getting close to the new sports car Samantha had bought. He had hidden several tools in his large jacket as he inched his way closer to the front of the car.

Samantha put on her helmet and was just about to enter the track when Raymond stopped her.

"You can't do something so dangerous." His tone booked no room for argument.

Samantha paused briefly, then let out a scoff. "Oh, so now you remember that you're my agent?"

Furrowing his brow, Raymond said, "Well, why did you have to butt in and try to steal that role?"

Finally unable to stand it anymore, Samantha exploded in rage, "I tried to steal that role? I'm pretty sure a certain someone had long since planned to offer it up to Tiffany!"

Samantha yanked off her helmet to reveal her burning gaze. It was as though a long-suppressed ember had been ignited.

"Our contract will be ending soon, so you might as well leave all your resources for Tiffany!"

She roughly shoved him toward the staging area, her voice drowned out by the generator.

With that, Samantha once again made her way toward the racetrack.

However, at that moment, a shrill scream rang through the air. In the next second, the loud roar of a car's engine cut through the silence, interspersed with the crowd's shouts of surprise. An out-of-control red car abruptly shot forward from the starting line and sped straight toward the staging area!

"Samantha! Run!" A mysterious man, who had been standing in the crowd nearby, shouted at Samantha.

Everything was happening so fast that Samantha didn't even have the chance to dodge.

The wayward car was none other than the red sports car she had newly purchased. The test driver was behind the wheel as the vehicle flew toward her.

In her panic, she spotted Raymond running toward Tiffany from the corner of her eye. He had been closest to her, yet he hadn't hesitated to go to Tiffany's rescue, yanking her to the side before hugging her protectively. 

Meanwhile, Samantha was at the corner near the audience. A cement wall blocked her back, while fences stood to her left and right. She had no escape.

The thunderous roar of the engine grew louder as the car charged straight at her.

Overwhelmed by panic, Samantha was at a loss for what to do. At that critical moment, a figure lunged toward her.

An arm wrapped around her waist securely before she was abruptly pulled to the side, and the out-of-control car brushed by her with only inches to spare.

Then, she tumbled underneath the viewing platform along with her savior. As they slammed into the ground, Samantha felt a sharp pain coming from her left shoulder. 

Following that, a man's low voice reached her ears. "Don't be scared. I'm here."

Feeling dazed, she lifted her head to get a closer look at the man's face.

However, in the next second, her car exploded behind her, belching thick smoke and sending flames roaring high into the sky.

After that, she was swallowed by darkness. Before falling unconscious, she spotted the red mark on the man's collarbone.

A memory of that 
