---
layout: novel
titleO: "My Awakening Was His Bankruptcy"
title: "My Awakening Was His Bankruptcy"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 293
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-23 15:02:44"
rating: 4
rating_count: 22
---

"You already have a son, Tiffany. Why do you insist on keeping your daughter? As a woman, can't you understand how Belle is feeling, having just lost her baby? Stop being so petty!" Gavin kept scolding me while I lay weak and exhausted after giving birth.

He was about to give away my daughter, whom I struggled to carry to full term and give birth to—all just because Isabelle had a miscarriage.

I refused to let go of my daughter in my arms.

Gavin ended up losing his temper. "Fine! Just look at how petty you are—as if Belle would mistreat the baby if she's given away! She's truly unlucky to have you as her mother!"

He threw us a disdainful look before slamming the door behind him as he left. The ward fell silent in an instant.

I held back my tears as I looked at my daughter, who was sound asleep in my arms. 

A sharp pain tore through my chest.

Back when we got married, Gavin promised that he would love me forever and never let me down. Yet, after just seven years of marriage, he was already heartless enough to steal my baby and give her to another woman.

A month ago, I found out that he had been secretly meeting up with Isabelle, who had just returned from abroad. I was agonized and in despair, but whenever I thought of how my children needed their father, I forced myself to endure it.

But it wasn't until what happened today that I finally lost hope.

I texted, "Recommend me a lawyer. I'm divorcing Gavin."

Just as I sent a WhatsApp text to my best friend, Sarah Parker, I heard Gavin's voice coming from outside the ward.

He spoke gently, "Slow down, Belle. Tiffany is such a spiteful and petty woman. Why do you even bother about her? She's perfectly fine after giving birth—she can even pick a fight with me! She should be the one visiting you…"

The door was kicked open shortly after. Gavin supported Isabelle carefully as they walked in together.

Looking pale, she apologized weakly, "I'm sorry, Tiffany. Gavin only tried to take your daughter away because he wanted to cheer me up after my miscarriage. Please don't blame him.

"I was the one who was unfortunate to have lost my child. All I wanted to do was to have a look at your baby. I don't have any other malicious thoughts. You can take it out on me if you're upset."

Before I could even reply, Gavin immediately shielded her and glared at me. "Don't you dare!"

He then comforted Isabelle, "Don't overthink it, Belle. What does Tiffany have over you besides being able to have kids? She's just an ordinary housewife, unlike you. You're beautiful, successful, and exceptional."

I find it ironic that Gavin was comforting her by putting me down.

Back then, if he hadn't begged for me to quit my job—just so he could have the comfort of a wife and child waiting at home—I wouldn't have given up my career.

However, I have become nothing more than a burden to him now.

Gavin coaxed Isabelle a little more until she broke into a teary smile, lightly hitting him on the shoulder.

At that sight, the smile on his face grew wider. In his eyes was a swirl of emotions he couldn't put a name to.

Perhaps he was mindful of my presence. Gavin barely reeled in his emotions as he said flatly, "Alright, Tiffany. You heard Belle's explanation just now. No one's trying to take your baby away. You're overthinking it.

"Belle has no friends and family here, so I'll send her back first. I'll come back for you and the baby in a bit."

With that, Gavin didn't bother waiting for my response as he gently helped Isabelle out of the ward.

I clenched my fists tightly as bitterness spread throughout my entire body.

After some time, a notification suddenly popped up on my social media.

It was a photo of Isabelle flaunting an entire set of sparkling diamond jewelry, along with the receipt beside it. The amount was glaring—200 thousand dollars.

A caption followed the photo. It read, "Someone insisted on buying me diamonds in order to cheer me up. Who wouldn't like a man like this?"

There were many likes and comments underneath her post, but the most obvious one was from Gavin.

"If you like it so much, shouldn't you at least say something?" Isabelle immediately replied with a shy emoticon.

A wave of cold despair washed over me.

Gavin had always been frugal in our seven years of marriage. The most valuable gift he had given me was a necklace worth less than one thousand dollars. He always said he'd buy me a diamond bracelet once we had more money, but even now, that promise hasn't been kept.

I took a deep breath and liked Isabelle's post.

Gavin called me the next minute. His voice was full of irritation as he snapped, "What's wrong with you, Tiffany? Belle and I were just joking on our social media! Those diamond pieces are just cheap knockoffs, and the receipt was edited! Other than throwing jealous tantrums, what can you even do?"

However, he might have forgotten that his bank card's spending notifications were sent to my phone. He really did spend 200 thousand dollars.

I stayed silent, which only made Gavin feel more guilty. "Enough of this, I don't have the energy to argue with you. I'll pick you up from the hospital later. Just focus on the baby and stop looking for trouble with me!"

As soon as he was done talking, Isabelle's saccharine voice lit up from the other end of the line. "There's a new movie that just came out, Gavin. Let's go watch it! I've been wanting to watch it."

The call ended shortly after.

Coincidentally, Taylor Grant, the divorce lawyer I'd just added, finally accepted my friend request.

Without hesitation, I sent the screenshot showing Gavin's 200-thousand-dollar splurge on Isabelle. I then typed, "I want a divorce. I want to claim that money back as part of our marital assets, and I want him to leave with nothing!"

