---
layout: novel
titleO: "I Was Never Part of Their Story"
title: "I Was Never Part of Their Story"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 440
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-24 15:02:47"
rating: 4.5
rating_count: 98
---

Melissa's POV

Seven times, I married the same man. Seven times, he divorced me for his first love.

The first time we got married, he had told me, "From today on and for the rest of my life, I'll only love you alone."

But every time his first love returned to the country, he would change his tune. "Can't you be more understanding? How could you bear to let Ria be accused of seducing a married man?"

The first time we divorced, I made an attempt on my life in a desperate bid to stop him from leaving me. Yet, even after I was sent to the hospital in an ambulance, he didn't even come to visit me.

The second time we divorced, I set aside my status and pride to apply for the position of an assistant at his company, all so I could spend more time with him.

By the sixth time, I had learned to pack up my belongings without making a fuss and move out of his house.

Despite my initial hysteria, I gave in more and more each time, and eventually accepted the situation obediently.

Every single time, he would remarry me again on our previously agreed-upon date, only for history to repeat itself.

At last, one day, after I learned that his first love would be returning to the country once more, I voluntarily gave him the divorce agreement. Much like before, he promised to remarry me after some time.

But little did he know, I would be leaving for good this time.

…

"Since Aria is returning to the country, let's get a divorce."

Expression blank, I handed the divorce agreement I had already signed to my husband, Caleb Jenson.

A surprised look crossed his face, but he quickly regained his composure before signing the document with practiced movements.

This was the first time I had proactively offered him the divorce agreement.

Nonetheless, just like the previous six times, he still casually promised me, "I'll remarry you once she leaves in a month."

In the past, I wouldn't have felt assured by this promise. In fact, I might have even forced him to make a solemn vow or write up another legally binding document. 

However, this time, I felt absolutely nothing. My emotions didn't stir, and I didn't even feel the urge to reply.

"Melissa Summer, are you listening to me?"

Caleb's brows were deeply furrowed. It seemed he was quite upset at my silence.

Even so, I merely nodded and replied with a non-committal hum. "Yeah."

I never paused as I carefully packed my clothes into my suitcase.

If Caleb said he would remarry me on a particular date, then he would definitely do so. He was known in the industry for being a man of his word, so there was no need to doubt him.

Instead of being a married couple, we were more like two people who would have to sign two contracts every year—one for marriage and the other for divorce.

To date, I had already signed 12.

I distinctly remembered how, back during our first wedding, he had assured me that he would never cheat on me during our marriage.

There was no denying that he had kept his promise. After all, once we divorced, he had the freedom to be with whomever he pleased.

Unfortunately, I was the one who paid the price, as I became known in social circles as a plaything that he could call over and dismiss with a wave of his hand whenever he wanted.

Hence, my abnormal behavior today left Caleb floundering. This wasn't a surprise, considering my hysterical behavior the previous few times we divorced. He also couldn't forget how I had even been desperate enough to harm myself.

Noting how much more familiar and quick my movements were this time as I packed my suitcase, he said somewhat sullenly, "Maybe I should be the one to move out this time—"

With a loud click, I shut my large suitcase and locked it, thereby cutting him off.

"I've already spoken with Talia, and she's agreed to let me stay with her for a few days."

Caleb seemed to have thought of something, as his expression abruptly darkened further.

"Don't tell me you're playing hard to get again? Are you planning on becoming my assistant and sneaking into my company to keep an eye on me?

"Melissa, get a life, will you? Can't you live without a man?"

I immediately understood the underlying meaning in his words. He simply didn't want me to head to the company and disturb his lovey-dovey moments with Aria White.

After all, it was a rare occasion for Aria to return to the country, so he hoped she could become his personal assistant and be by his side at all times.

Previously, after our second divorce, I had applied to be Caleb's assistant. Carrying his favorite latte, I pushed his office door open in anticipation, only to see him locked in a passionate kiss with Aria, who was sitting in his lap.

Unable to hold myself back, I got into a catfight with Aria, but then Caleb slapped me with enough force to send me to the ground.

A crowd had already gathered outside his office, eager to watch the drama unfold.

Everyone assumed that I was Caleb's wife, so the looks they shot Aria were filled with disdain.

Seeing that, Caleb, unable to bear the thought of Aria suffering from humiliation and nasty gossip, disregarded my tears and shaking head as he snatched my handbag. Then, in one swift motion, he dumped the contents all over the floor.

The dark red divorce certificate was a stark contrast against the white flooring, practically screaming my current relationship with Caleb for all to hear.

From then on, every time Caleb and I divorced, he would post it on his social media.

Everyone knew that Caleb truly loved Aria; I was simply the unwanted wad of gum who shamelessly refused to leave him.

Nonetheless, Caleb's concerns this time were entirely unwarranted.

Without any hesitation, I grabbed my suitcase and turned to say, "Don't worry, I won't disturb you two ever again."

Caleb simply stared at me in suspicious confusion for a while. It wasn't until I opened the door and took a step out that he hurriedly reminded me, "We're remarrying on the 13th of next month. Don't forget!"

Upon hearing that date, I was momentarily dazed.

What a coincidence it was that I happened to be leaving the country on that date.

