---
layout: novel
titleO: "When Love Goes Unspoken"
title: "When Love Goes Unspoken"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 402
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-24 15:02:47"
rating: 4.1
rating_count: 10
---

"Breaking news! The princess of Sphere City runs to her true love at the airport in the middle of the night. Have they rekindled their love?"

The article included a photo of a woman in a white dress who laughed as she threw herself into the arms of a man in a black suit outside the airport. The man held an umbrella and tilted it in her direction as he carefully shielded her from the pouring rain.

Countless netizens shared and commented on the photo, indicating that they adored the couple.

Meanwhile, Terence Stone sat in a Folysian restaurant. He zoomed in and out on the photo but couldn't seem to make out the look on the woman's face.

Just then, a voice rang out beside him. "We're about to close up for the night, sir. Would you like to continue waiting?"

Thunder clapped outside the window, and the rain grew heavier. Terence looked out, his expressionless face reflected on the glass.

It was his birthday today, but he couldn't bring himself to feel happy at all. He'd booked Hailey Rainer's favorite restaurant half a month before his birthday. Then, he'd spent several hours speaking to the chef about her favorite dishes.

On the day itself, he'd woken up at 5:00 am to get dressed and ready for the date. Finally, he'd arrived at the restaurant with Hailey's favorite vanilla cake.

It was his birthday, but he'd chosen to go with all of Hailey's favorites for the celebration. She'd yet to arrive at the restaurant, but he didn't dare disturb her because he knew how busy she was. So, he'd waited until the sky had turned dark and the lights had come on.

He'd waited until the server kept asking whether to serve the dishes, until the exquisite dishes had gone cold, and until his warm heart had frozen over. Yet, Hailey was still nowhere in sight.

Terence looked down at the slender woman in the photo again, his lips curving into a self-deprecating smile. He'd waited for Hailey countless times throughout their five-year marriage. He would always start off hopeful but end up disappointed.

Whenever that person was involved, she would dump everything, including her husband of five years. Suddenly, Terence felt exhausted. He didn't want to wait for her anymore or remain in this marriage where he was the only one contributing.

He smiled at the server. "No, thanks. I'm not going to wait any longer. None of these dishes have been touched. Can I get an umbrella in exchange for them? Thanks."

Terence walked out into the rain with an umbrella over his head. He hailed a cab and got in. He leaned against the window and stared at the rain, his thoughts wandering.

He came from a poor family and was orphaned at a young age. Without the Rainer family's sponsorship, he wouldn't have gotten a proper education. Even after making it out of the countryside based on his hard work, he hadn't forgotten the help the Rainers had given him.

He'd met Hailey during a charity banquet. She'd been seated elegantly, the light leaving half her face in shadows. Her eyes had glinted coldly, and her demeanor had given one the feeling that she was unapproachable.

Terence had seen her from afar, but that was enough to make him feel like he was being sucked into her gaze. His heart had raced. Upon seeing the name plaque before her and realizing who she was, he'd mustered the courage to approach her so he could thank her.

She'd looked at him before sipping her champagne. Then, she'd asked why he was there. He'd taken a deep breath before conveying his gratitude for the Rainer family's help over the years.

When she'd heard that he wanted to repay her family's kindness, she'd appraised him, her gaze slightly unfocused from the liquor. Then, she'd chuckled. "You want to repay me, huh? I don't lack money or power, but I do need a man I can bring around with me. Are you going to repay me with your body?"

In that instant, he'd felt shocked and lost. Ultimately, he'd still agreed when he realized how quickly his heart was beating.

There hadn't been any proposal, ring, wedding, or announcement about their matrimony. Terence and Hailey had merely registered the marriage.

Perhaps it was because of how easily she'd won him over that she couldn't care less about him after the marriage. He'd tried hard to make his way into her heart over the past five years, but the door remained locked.

He thought it was because he still wasn't good enough. Only later did he discover it was because someone else was already in there. His name was Matthew Cooke, and he was Hailey's first love.

They'd been madly in love in their youth, but the relationship had ended with Matthew breaking up with Hailey and leaving the country. She'd never forgotten him, though.

Terence had slowly realized he was nothing but a tool for her to move on from her heartbreak. The first time they'd met—the day she'd asked him to marry her—was when Matthew announced he was getting married.

Terence and Hailey's marital home was a villa Matthew and Hailey had viewed together. Even the restaurant where they celebrated their wedding anniversaries was where Hailey had confessed to Matthew for the first time. All these coincidences had slowly erased Terence's love for Hailey.

Just then, his phone pinged, pulling him out of his reverie. He checked it to see a message from Hailey. "I have something to do today. I'll celebrate your birthday with you next year."

Terence chuckled softly. Next year? They wouldn't have any more years together—their marriage would end that day.

Hailey was the one who'd suggested marriage back then. Terence would be the one to suggest divorce now.

