---
layout: novel
titleO: "Dumped the Scumbag, Took His Throne"
title: "Dumped the Scumbag, Took His Throne"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 544
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-24 15:02:47"
rating: 4.5
rating_count: 100
---

For five long years, I clung to Wesley Grant.

I dove into the sea for him. I had an abortion for him. I even took a bullet for him.

Everyone called me his lapdog, but little did they know that he had saved my life from the brink of death five years ago. From that moment on, I swore that my loyalty would belong only to him.

But at the Grant family dinner, he got me to kneel and lick the shoes of his childhood sweetheart. It was only when his uncle, Joseph Grant, entered and stopped him that I realized the truth.

The man who saved me five years ago had never been Wesley. It was Joseph all along.

Without hesitation, I called the patriarch of the family, Albert Grant. "I've changed my mind," I said. "The heir of the Grant family should be Joseph, or I'll withdraw my investments at once."

…

When the bullet lodged in my shoulder, Wesley Grant was lowering his head, adjusting his cufflinks. When I bumped into him and some blood splattered onto his expensive suit, his first reaction was a frown.

"Watch out. Don't dirty my suit."

How it hurt.

It wasn't the injury. His words were like a dagger driving into my heart. 

I had been with him for five years. I had taken multiple blows and attacks on his behalf, yet in the end, his suit was more important than me.

I went to the hospital alone, sitting in the emergency room while the doctor stitched me up. The nurse unwrapped my old dressing and sighed, saying, "You, again?"

Yes. Me again.

My entire body was covered in wounds. Beneath my left rib was a scar from the knife I took on his behalf. Across my lower abdomen was a surgical scar from the abortion I got because of him. At that moment, I had a new gunshot wound on my right shoulder.

I had treated these scars as medals earned in the name of loving him, but in his eyes, I was probably just a lapdog who didn't know her place.

When the stitches were done, it was already two in the morning.

My phone rang. It was from Wesley. My heart skipped a beat, thinking that he finally remembered to call to check up on me.

When I picked up, all I heard was his tipsy voice saying, "Get me something to drink. Quatre Saison Hotel. Room 1808."

My fingertips grew white from how hard I was gripping my phone. It was raining outside, and my wound was still bleeding, but I was used to obeying his every command. From the day he rescued me from the sea five years ago, I vowed to him that my life was his.

…

I took the cab to the hotel. I was completely drenched by the time I arrived at Room 1808. I rang the doorbell.

It was his secretary, Janine Leigh, who answered. She was in Wesley's white shirt, showing off her two long legs.

The love bites on her neck were jarringly obvious.

"Wesley had one too many to drink. He had just slept." She looked at my shoulder, seeping with blood, and smiled. "Oh no, you're hurt again? What a loyal lapdog."

I handed the hot tea, yet she wouldn't take it. "Come in and pour me some water. I can't reach the cups."

I knew she was humiliating me, but Wesley was in the room, and I wanted to look at him, even just for one glance.

The room was still reeking of alcohol. Welsey was asleep on the bed, his tie loose, showing off his collarbone.

How long had I not seen him close up like that? For five years, I had been like a moth attracted to flames, revolving my entire world around him, yet he wouldn't even bat me an eye.

My hands were trembling hard when I poured the water. 

Janine deliberately toppled the cup, spilling hot water on my hand. "Oh, no. I'm sorry," she apologized half-heartedly. When she bent down, the collar of her shirt opened, showing more love bites around her body.

I fled the room in a fluster.

…

Seeing the mess I was in through the elevator mirror, even I would look down on myself.

When I arrived at the parking lot, I bent down in the corner and retched.

Five years ago, on that rainy night, I had knelt the same way on the docks, fighting the same nausea. That night, I had just learned that my family had gone bankrupt. My father had jumped off a building, while my fiance fled with the remaining money.

Despair swallowed me whole, and I jumped into the sea. A pair of hands rescued me. Before I saw black, I noticed a blue cufflink. 

Someone whispered to me softly, "Live."

…

When I woke up, I saw Wesley. He was standing by the window with the blue cufflink on his sleeve. From that moment on, I immediately knew that he was the one who gave me a second chance at life. I decided that my loyalty would belong to him for the rest of my life.

Yet at that moment, kneeling on the cold parking lot ground, I asked myself for the very first time, "Sophie Scott, is this how you want to pay him back? You made yourself so cheap and lowly. Is this the loyalty you think it is?"

The phone rang once more. It was still Wesley. He said impatiently, "Is everything ready for tomorrow's bid? Don't let some minor injury delay real business."

I suddenly laughed as tears fell.

"It's ready, but Wesley, this is the last time I'll do this for you."

He got quiet for a while, then he replied with his usual sarcasm, "What? Are you throwing a tantrum now?"

"No." I wiped away my tears and slowly stood up. "You don't need me anymore."

Wesley sighed softly. "Sophie." He suddenly softened his tone. "You know that I'm under a lot of pressure recently."

I gripped my phone tightly as my nails dug into my palm. 

"My family's keeping a very close eye on me. Those elders in the company are waiting for me to make a mistake."

He paused before saying even softer, "Only you. You're the only one who would never betray me. I only trust you."

The lights in the parking lot grew dim. I heard my heart thumping loudly.

"Did Janine make things difficult for you just now?" He asked cautiously. "I was out unconscious from drinking too much."

This was the first time he ever checked in on my feelings for five years.

"I'll…" I felt my throat tighten. "I'll send the materials over early tomorrow morning."

"Take your time," Wesley replied gently. "Go and deal with your injury. I've wired you some money. Get yourself to a better hospital."

I was stunned. This wasn't him at all. It was always me who was spending money on him. I was the one managing everything for him.

"Sophie." It felt as if he was breathing directly into my ear. "Do you remember what you promised me? You said that your life was mine."

Of course, I remembered.

"I really need you right now." He enunciated slowly. Every word was like a knock on my heart. "After the bid tomorrow, I'll take you to Moldivas. Just the two of us."
