---
layout: novel
titleO: "Queen of Revenge: I Refuse to Be Your Mother"
title: "Queen of Revenge: I Refuse to Be Your Mother"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 189
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-24 15:02:47"
rating: 3.9
rating_count: 86
---

Natalie Schmidt was about to perform a kidney transplant on her own son, Matthew Fletcher.

This surgery was complicated because she was the kidney donor.

In less than three days, she would have to operate on Matthew personally. After 24 grueling hours, the operating room lights finally went out, indicating a successful surgery.

Just as she was about to share the good news with her husband, Oliver Fletcher, who was waiting in the room next door, she caught sight of him through the door crack. He was holding one of her interns in a close, intimate embrace.

"Oliver, what if something goes wrong with the surgery? What if something happens to our son? I wish I could have been at the operating table. At least his life wouldn't be in someone else's hands."

Natalie froze. What did her intern mean by their son?

She was about to storm in and confront him. However, in the next moment, she saw him cradling her intern—whose name was Linda Sawyer—gently.

His voice was full of concern as he said, "Don't worry. Ever since Natalie had that accident and lost her memory, she's treated Matthew as her own child without suspicion. She'll give her all in the surgery.

"Besides, you gave up a kidney to save me back then, and I compromised to marry her so she could trade a kidney for our child. It's only fair."

Natalie couldn't bear to watch any longer.

She clutched her mouth, retreated into the hallway, and ran into the bathroom, slamming the door behind her and collapsing in tears.

Outside, the voices of her colleagues celebrating the successful surgery drifted in, but she felt utterly helpless as she crouched on the cold floor.

She hadn't slept properly for five days because of the surgery, and the emptiness inside her made her feel as if she were being hollowed out.

Yet, she had endured for her child and her family.

And now, she realized that it had all been a lie—her marriage was a lie, and her child wasn't even hers.

Five years into their marriage, she discovered Oliver had deceived her the entire time. He had promised to protect her for life.

Natalie and Oliver had met by accident. That day, on her way home from work, she saw him attempting to take his own life after a heartbreak on a pedestrian bridge.

Without hesitation, she jumped in. The river was swift and fierce, but she fought with all her strength to drag him to shore. She rushed him to the hospital, only to be told that his kidney had been filled with fluid, causing blockage, and he needed an immediate transplant.

Born into a family of medical professionals, Natalie could not stand by and do nothing, so she donated one of her kidneys and saved his life.

However, three days after the operation, he had already been discharged when she woke again.

They met again at a class reunion, and she discovered that he had been in the same year as her, though he studied finance.

Natalie was drawn to his strong posture and striking features, so she pursued him relentlessly.

In the end, her efforts paid off, and they ended up together.

Oliver had been the perfect boyfriend. He would thoughtfully make her ginger tea and prepare a heated waist belt whenever she had her period.

He would run more than six miles to get her favorite cake for her birthday, and use the first profits from his startup to buy her an expensive necklace.

Everyone said Natalie was lucky, and she believed it. So, they married and had a child.

She had never doubted that Oliver was a perfect husband and a devoted father. If it weren't for what she saw today, she wouldn't have found out that the past ten years had been a lie.

As a top surgeon, she had given her kidney to save the child of her enemy.

And now, she had nothing left.

"Oliver, how cruel can you be? Did you ever truly love me in the past ten years?" she murmured.

She sacrificed her youth for this family. Now, this false dream had come to an end.

After picking up her phone, she dialed a number. "Dr. Berger, I've decided to take the exchange program to Aclor."

On the other end, Dominic Berger sounded surprised. "Weren't you planning to settle down here? You even gave up the perks of studying abroad—tuition waived, a car, a house—just to stay in that rental. Why the sudden change?"

Everyone at the hospital knew Natalie as a family-oriented woman. She had passed up on countless opportunities abroad for Oliver and Matthew.

Back then, when people mocked her for being blinded by marriage, she would always smile and say, "Home is where my husband and son are."

Now, thinking back, it was laughable.

"Dr. Berger, I've thought it through. I was too naive before. Now I know that realizing my own value is what truly matters in life."

Dominic nodded in agreement. "As long as you've made up your mind. I honestly thought your family line would end with you. Alright then. Since you're set on this, once the application goes through in five days, you'll go abroad with me!"

"I have one more request," Natalie mentioned, gripping the phone. "I haven't told anyone about going abroad. Please keep it confidential within the hospital."

"No problem."

After hanging up, she took a deep breath and looked at her haggard reflection in the mirror. "From now on, Natalie, you will live for yourself," she told herself.
