---
layout: novel
titleO: "Our Time Archived in Winter"
title: "Our Time Archived in Winter"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 386
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-24 15:02:47"
rating: 4.7
rating_count: 95
---

Anthea's body stiffened. Through the gap of the door, she saw Harlan leaning back on the couch, holding a photo of Beatrice next to his lips. With his eyes shut, he gulped and moaned in a deeply husky voice, "Beatrice, my darling."

He had slept with Anthea so many times, yet he never truly felt satisfied. At this moment, however, calling out Beatrice's name and looking at her photo easily made him feel happy, albeit momentarily.

Anthea froze over as she watched his actions.

A second later, Harlan's phone suddenly rang. He took a moment to compose himself before he answered it.

Then, the voice of his good friend, Caleb Lott, could be heard on the other end of the call.

"Harlan, are you really going to bid on Beatrice tomorrow?" Caleb asked in disbelief before continuing, "Have you forgotten how she dumped you back then? She hooked up with the dean's son for a chance to study abroad when you were bankrupt.

"Now that you've made a comeback, she can't wait to throw herself at you again. This woman—"

Harlan closed his eyes and interrupted in a deep voice, "I know. This woman is vain, selfish, and fake."

He took a pause before he chuckled miserably and continued, "But I just love her. I've missed her so much all these years that I'm about to go crazy."

Caleb's breath fastened as he asked, "What about Anthea? She's your girlfriend now. What do you take her for?"

Pinching the top of his nose, Harlan replied, "I've tried, but I just can't fall in love with her. If you've already met that one special person, being with others means you're settling. Sure, Thea is great, but I'm just making do with her."

With a sigh, Caleb admonished, "Why you! I have no idea what Beatrice did to have you wrapped around her little finger. Once Anthea finds out that you've treated her this way, you'll regret the day she leaves you."

Sounding tired, Harlan commented, "It's fine if she leaves. It's been too many years. I can't bring myself to break up with her. If she brings it up, it'd be such a relief for me."

…

Anthea paled when she saw that Harlan had ended the call and was about to enter the room. Trembling, she quickly ran back to the bathroom.

As the water from the showerhead streamed down her trembling body, she thought about the first time she met Harlan.

It was high school orientation for freshmen, and as the student council's president, Harlan was giving a speech on stage. He was in a white shirt and a pair of black pants that hugged his long legs, radiating an elegant air that he was born with.

What was most important was that he was stunningly handsome. The moment he looked up, all the young women in the hall gasped.

Anthea stood in the crowd, looking at his fingers that held the mic gently and watching his Adam's apple move as he spoke.

At that moment, she seemed to have heard her own heart pounding.

…

"Earth to Anthea." Noelle Jefferson, Anthea's best friend, nudged her with her elbow and said, "That's my brother. He's handsome, right?"

It was later that Anthea learned there was a saying in her high school—it made sense if no one knew who the school principal was, but impossible for one not to know who Harlan, the school heartthrob, was. 

Every young woman in school went after him, but he always rejected their love confessions in a polite and distant way. As time went by, everybody thought he was not interested in women.

Anthea had only dared to steal a few glances at him when she went to visit Noelle.

Everything changed after Beatrice transferred to the school. She relentlessly pursued Harlan without ever backing down. Everyone thought, like the girls before her, she would be rejected. However, much to their surprise, Harlan accepted her three months later.

That was a day that Anthea would never forget. She stood at a corner and saw Harlan pinning Beatrice against the wall, kissing her. He combed his fingers in Beatrice's hair, his usually cold gaze on fire.

Anthea had never seen him like that before.

She watched him lose himself for Beatrice. He stood in line overnight to buy a limited-edition item for her, got into a fight with her, and even skipped classes to accompany her to a concert.

Then, the Jefferson family went bankrupt when Harlan was a junior in college.

Beatrice immediately dumped him and went abroad with the dean's son. Before she left, she said, "Harlan, you can't give me what I want."

Harlan was someone with such strong pride, yet he ran after Beatrice's car for two blocks. He kept begging her, but she did not even look back.

After that, Harlan went through his days like a zombie. Due to her worry, Anthea followed him until she was discovered.

Turning, Harlan asked, "Why do you keep following me?"

She struggled to find her words.

"You like me?" he asked bluntly before suggesting, "Let's be together, then."

It was after they got together that Anthea learned the truth: Harlan had only agreed to be with her to move on from that painful episode. Still, she was devoted to him, being good to him and making him warm up to her.

Then, he seemed to gradually fall for her.

He started to remember her birthday and care for her when she had her period. He even embraced her and consoled her whenever there was thunder.

After making a comeback and bringing the Jefferson family back to its former glory, he spoiled Anthea even more.

…

Then, two weeks ago, they bumped into Beatrice, who was working as a waitress at a club.

She had accidentally dirtied Anthea's dress, so Harlan sneered and forced her to pay five million dollars as compensation. 

With tears in her eyes, Beatrice answered, "I don't have money, but I still have my virginity. I'll auction it off and pay you. Is that alright?"

Harlan pinched her chin and agreed in an icy voice, "Sure. I want to see the money in three days."

…

That night, Anthea lay in their bed as Harlan stayed in the study for two hours. By the time he got into the bedroom, he reeked of cigarette smoke. 

He lay down with his back against her, but he did not sleep a wink.

He had already decided to win the bid for Beatrice's virginity at that time.

As it turned out, at the core of his deep resentment was an intense longing and love. 

He had slept with Anthea so many times for years, but he never felt pleasure. It was simply because she was just someone he settled for, and not who he truly wanted.

Looking at her pale reflection in the mirror, Anthea suddenly laughed. Then, tears started rolling down her face. She was someone who could walk away when there was no more love. 

Harlan could have been honest with her that he never loved her. She would let him go and not cling to him.

She turned off the shower, grabbed her phone, and sent a text.

…

The following morning, Harlan saw Anthea walk out, fully dressed, when he was about to head out after having breakfast.

"Why are you up so early instead of sleeping in?" he asked.

Anthea looked down and replied, "I have some things to take care of today."

"I'll give you a ride," suggested Harlan, smiling gently.

…

Just as he was about to ask her in the car where she was going, his phone rang.

His assistant's voice could be heard through the phone asking, "Mr. Jefferson, Ms. Wilkin's auction starts tonight. Would you be attending yourself?"

Harlan's gaze darkened as he answered, "Yes." Taking a brief pause, he then added, "I'm on my way now."

He hung up the call and looked at Anthea. He was just about to look for an excuse when she was already smirking. 

How worried he must be that someone else would win the bid for Beatrice's virginity.

She beat him to the punch and commented, "Go on ahead if you have something on. I'll get there myself."

Harlan did not even hesitate. He was dying to leave. "Alright, Thea. Stay safe," he answered.

Anthea did not respond. 

…

After she got out of the car, she got into a cab and went to meet Noelle at a cafe.

As soon as she walked through the door, Noelle ran up to her, grabbing Anthea's hands with tears in her eyes.

"Thea, are you being serious about the text you sent yesterday? Are you really going to marry into the Taylor family in my place?" Noelle asked.

