---
layout: novel
titleO: "Waiting for a Love That Never Was"
title: "Waiting for a Love That Never Was"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 468
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-25 15:02:42"
rating: 4
rating_count: 121
---

Wilson Fowler lost his memories on the eve of his wedding day. He remembered everyone else but his fiancée, Samantha Warner.

One day, Samantha got her hands on a drug that could restore lost memories. Excited, she rushed over to find Wilson.

As soon as her hand touched the door handle, she heard several familiar voices coming from the private room.

Someone said, "How did you even come up with the idea of pretending to lose your memories, Will? That's truly a genius move—Samantha would never have expected it! How long are you planning to fool around before telling her the truth?"

Samantha froze upon hearing the cheerful waves of laughter, her expression stiffening.

She couldn't believe that Wilson was actually feigning amnesia. All the nights spent crying over his condition were all for nothing.

A chill crept up her entire being as dread filled her.

Samantha gritted her teeth as she heard Wilson speak in a nonchalant tone. "I'll drag it out for another month. After that, I'll return to being Sam's loyal and loving boyfriend."

His friends looked at him in shock upon hearing his words.

Someone asked, "Are you sure one month is enough for you? How many women have you had during this time? Why not just break up? You've been with the same girlfriend for seven years. You're the only one who's this loyal in our circle!"

Another said, "You had to sneak around just to have fun with other women, and you even had to pretend to lose your memories to ensure that Samantha isn't mad at you. Aren't you tired of living like that?"

The smile on Wilson's face gradually faded as the teasing continued.

He said, "I'll never break up with Sam. She's the only one I love. It's just that staying together for such a long time gets boring. She finds it hard to open up when it comes to intimacy, and I can't bring myself to push her.

"I'll treat this as a short break and allow myself to indulge for a while. After a month, I'll return to being the only one for her."

"You say that, but with Samantha's prideful nature, there's no way she'd just let it slide when she finds out about the truth. Aren't you worried that she might break up with you?" someone asked.

Another continued, "That's right! Just look at how Miles Gallagher messed up. His girlfriend ended up running abroad, and he's now chasing after her like a madman."

Although everyone spoke like they knew the whole story, Wilson did not take them seriously at all. He swirled the wine in his glass and let out a chuckle.

"She'll always be mine. As long as she's Samantha Warner, no matter if she runs abroad or remarries, I'll bring her back and keep her by my side for the rest of her life," he said.

Upon hearing the confidence in his voice, everyone in the private room started cheering for Wilson and popped the champagne open.

…

Samantha numbly dragged her steps and staggered out of the bar.

It was pouring heavily outside, yet she walked into it as if she didn't notice the rain.

The cold raindrops fell onto Samantha, and her shaking hands could no longer hold onto the bottle of drugs. It fell onto the ground, and the hard-earned pills to treat memory loss washed away in the rain.

She felt as if her long-dormant memories came rushing back as she stared at the disappearing pills.

Samantha and Wilson first met each other at the New Year's Eve party when they were in ninth grade. 

She made a grand entrance with her stunning performance of "Dream of Love", and he fell in love with her at first sight.

He then showed up backstage with a huge bouquet of roses, declaring that he would pursue her.

Samantha had heard all about Wilson, the campus heartthrob with a reputation for having over 20 girlfriends in just a month. His reputation as a playboy had spread across the school.

She wasn't a fan of someone like him, especially since her parents' broken marriage—caused by mutual cheating—had made her extremely wary of relationships.

Samantha ignored Wilson's pursuit and kept her distance from him. However, he refused to give up no matter how much she rejected him.

He went so far as to pull the entire campus' main power supply just to make sure she could rest when she was on her period. He had boldly proclaimed his feelings for her in front of the entire school on the field and turned down each girl who confessed their feelings to him.

Wilson kept up his relentless pursuit for three years, yet Samantha refused to accept him.

Things didn't change until that summer after their college entrance exam when a few thugs in the alley cornered her. He took on a fight with the five of them, sustaining several stabs to his body and almost losing his life—all just for her.

Samantha cried uncontrollably in front of his hospital bed. She couldn't understand just how someone could risk their life for another person.

At that moment, she decided that she would accept Wilson.

They were together for seven years. From their days on campus to their first steps in society, he had treated her the same.

Everyone, including Samantha, had thought that she found her true love, who had turned over a new leaf.

It wasn't until three months before their wedding day that Wilson was met with a car accident when he was out on a business trip. The doctor diagnosed him with memory loss. He remembered everyone but her.

Samantha was devastated by this news, yet managed to pull through.

She did all she could—from running around looking for doctors to staying up to read various medical journals—all just to help him recover his lost memories.

She wasn't expecting the memory lost this time to be entirely a scam.

Samantha felt all the courage and determination that kept her going gradually wash away with the pouring rain.

…

Samantha stumbled back home and dug out all her documentation. She then went to the state court.

Upon seeing the staff's questioning gaze, she softly said, "Hello, I'd like to change my name."

The staff handed her a pen after reviewing her documentation.

With a trembling hand, Samantha signed her new and old names on the form. She then smiled bitterly as she looked at her unfamiliar new name.

No matter where she went and what she did, Wilson would never be able to find her from now on.

