---
layout: novel
titleO: "The Bully Knows How to Love"
title: "The Bully Knows How to Love"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 481
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-25 15:02:42"
rating: 4.7
rating_count: 29
---


"If you go to that university, I'll follow you. We're inseparable," I tell Lucas in a serious tone as we walk down the hallway. We've been best friends since birth and we're inseparable. We're a package. If you're friends with Lucas, you're friends with me. If you're an enemy of Lucas, you're my enemy too. 
            "Don't you have a college you want to go to?" He asks me. I shake my head no in response. This is our last year at Montrose Private Academy and while others have already figured out what they want to major in and what college to go to, I have absolutely no clue what I want to do with my life.
            Out of the blue, Lucas falls down on the floor, dropping his books along the way. I notice a pair of black vans sticking out from where Lucas was a second ago before he fell down. I look up from the vans to see Corbin and his gang giggling like little third grade girls. He definitely made Lucas trip and fall.
            I glare at Corbin, thinking of ways to murder him in my head. His eyes travel from Lucas to mine. I can tell he's amused at my death glare by the smirk etch on his face. I hate that smirk. It was those kinds of smirk that screams 'what are you going to do about it?'.
            I tear my eyes away from him and ignore him and his group of immature friends. I held my hand out for Lucas to grab. He grabs my hands and I pull him up off the floor. I help him pick up his books off the floor and walk away with him from Corbin without a look back.
            "He's such a jerk. Doesn't he get tired of it by now? He's been bullying you since 5th grade," I mutter out in anger. I think I hate Corbin more than Lucas hates him. He might've never bullied me but if he messes with Lucas, he messes with me too. I just hate him so much. How can he bully Lucas for such a long time when Lucas has never done anything wrong to him?
            "It's fine. People like him will get what's coming to them." Lucas calm me down.
            -
            "So, Eleven met Mike, Dustin, and Lucas, and they try to help Will get out of the upside down," I explain to Lucas about Stranger Things hoping he'll finally watch the show. I'm bad at explaining things, but I really hope he watches it. I think it's an amazing show that everybody should watch.
            "Sounds interesting," he replies sarcastically, turning towards me. I sneer at him and playfully throw a punch to his arm.
            "I'm serious. You need to watch it."
            He smiles at me causing me to smile back. He has a contagious smile. If he smiles, I can't help but smile with him. That's one thing I love about him.
            Our smiling session was quickly ruined when I noticed a football flying straight towards him from behind. My eyes widen and without hesitation, I push Lucas away, causing him to stumble and fall down on the grass. I didn't have time to move as the ball was heading straight towards my face. My head turn to my right and my hands immediately block my face as a reflex.
            I feel a shot of pain running through the back of my forearm. Luckily, it didn't hit my face.
            "Hazel!" Lucas had gotten up from the grass and grab my arm to look at where the football hit me. I watch him as he observes my wound with a concerned look.
            "Are you okay? Does it hurt?" Lucas asks me.
            I assure him with a smile, "I'm fine. It'll just bruise for a few days."
            Out of the corner of my eyes, I see Corbin walking towards us. I watch him with hatred as he approaches us. He picks up the football a few feet away from me and throw it back to his friends out in the field.
            "Sorry. It slipped out of my hand," Corbin say insincerely with a satisfied grin. I didn't bother to waste my breath on him and just ignore him. He turns to walk away but stop in his track when Lucas mutter under his breath, "Yeah right asshole."
            Corbin turns back to us and my eyes travel to Lucas then back to Corbin who's glaring at Lucas.
	"Excuse me?" Corbin spit out, challenging Lucas to repeat himself. 
            Oh crap.

