---
layout: novel
titleO: "Saying Goodbye to Love"
title: "Saying Goodbye to Love"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 332
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-25 15:02:42"
rating: 4.4
rating_count: 99
---

The year was 1983. It was late at night and dark outside. Only a dim light was on inside the Ford residence's living room.

"I'm willing to move abroad to live with you, Mom and Dad," Evelyn Ford said.

Francis Graham and Maureen White were on the line on the other side of the world. They were so overcome by Evelyn's words that they started crying. "That's great, Evie! We wouldn't have been separated for so long if not for that earthquake. We didn't mean to abandon you. We'll head over there right now to pick you up!"

Evelyn felt an odd sense of bitterness surge when she heard her parents crying. She took a deep breath before saying, "Give me another two weeks. I have some things to deal with here; I'll head over once I'm done. Then, I'll remain by your side for the rest of my life."

The Grahams seemed to realize something. "Yes, of course. We got ahead of ourselves. The Fords raised you for many years, and we heard your older brother doted on you since you were a child. It's only right for you to have a proper farewell with them."

Evelyn's heart trembled at the mention of Cameron Ford. A different sense of bitterness and heartache welled in her.

A horrific earthquake had happened the year she was six. She and her parents had been separated, and the authorities had ultimately arranged for the Ford family to adopt her.

The Fords were made of old money and had been around for generations. However, James Ford and Ivy Stone were always busy with work. Though they'd adopted her per the authorities' arrangement, they hadn't had much time to care about her.

Rather than saying the Ford family had raised her, it would be more accurate to say Cameron, her older brother, had raised her.

When she was seven, she was afraid of thunder. He was the one who'd held her and comforted her in her bed. He'd sang her a lullaby.

When she was ten, she was envious of her classmates' snacks and toys. He was the one who'd bought every snack and toy available in the store and doted on her like a princess.

When she was 14, her period came for the first time. He was the one who'd taught her what she needed to know and rubbed her belly after making her a hot drink.

He would immediately bring her whatever she wanted, whether it was a hairclip, shoes, clothes, a gramophone, or even a mini car.

The people who knew him well always teased him about being overly doting toward her. They wondered whether anyone could marry her and take her away from him.

Cameron had pulled Evelyn into his arms with a laugh at the time. "If anyone wants to marry my precious sister, they'll first have to treat her better than I do."

She'd buried her face against his chest then, so he hadn't seen her blush. No one knew she had feelings for him. She'd fallen for him a long time ago, given all the days and nights they'd spent together.

She didn't dare confess her love for him, though. She vaguely realized her feelings weren't anything to be proud of, so she only dared to secretly record them in her journal. The only person she told about this was her best friend, Jocelyn Irwin.

Evelyn didn't expect Jocelyn to tell Cameron about this secret. That fateful night, he'd barged into her room and grabbed her journal. Then, he'd ripped it to pieces with a grim expression. He'd thrown the pieces at her, and the sharp edges of the paper cut her face. She turned away from the pain.

"Do you realize how shameful and immoral you are by developing feelings for your brother?" he'd roared.

That was her first time seeing him so infuriated. A single sentence from him was enough to make her feel like her heart had been stabbed several times over.

She'd stared at him dazedly as tears filled her eyes and silently trickled down her face. He'd stormed off before she could say anything.

After that, Cameron did everything he could to avoid seeing Evelyn. Even when they occasionally ran into each other, he would look at her coldly like she was a stranger.

A week later, he even announced that he was marrying Jocelyn. The news had stunned her. She couldn't even wrap her head around how and when they'd gotten together.

She wanted to press for answers after dinner but stumbled upon Cameron pinning Jocelyn to the wall and kissing her passionately. He was usually so calm and composed.

That night, Evelyn shed tears. She knew she wouldn't get the answers to certain questions, so there was no need to search for them anymore.

Just then, a family search service contacted her and told her they'd found her birth parents. They'd been depressed for a long time after she'd gone missing, and they hadn't stopped searching for her despite being sent abroad as diplomats. They almost fainted upon finally hearing news about her.

At that moment, Evelyn couldn't help but think perhaps these things were already written in the stars. It was fated that she and Cameron would never be together and that her time with the Ford family would be nothing more than a dream. It was time for her to return to her original path.

So, she decided to return to her family and be reunited with her parents. She also decided to let go of the love she'd harbored for Cameron for years.

…

Evelyn headed downstairs early the following morning. She smiled demurely when James and Ivy urged her to join them for breakfast. She sat beside them and told them that her birth parents had found her and that she was going abroad to be with them.

Ivy hurriedly held her hands. She sounded happy for her. At the same time, she realized this meant it was hard to say when they would see each other again. A hint of reluctance tinged her tone.

"This is good news, Evelyn. I'm so glad you've found your family. Have you told your brother about this?"

Evelyn was taken aback. Should she tell Cameron? He was all over Jocelyn now. Did it matter whether or not she told him?

"What did you want to tell me?" A cool voice rang out behind them. Evelyn turned to see Cameron standing in the doorway. He looked as tall and handsome as always.

