---
layout: novel
titleO: "You Will Never Be Mine"
title: "You Will Never Be Mine"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 373
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-25 15:02:42"
rating: 4
rating_count: 115
---

“Bam!”

Shannon Gray pushed the door open and walked straight into the CEO’s office. “Sean, tonight you...”

But seeing what happened on the couch instantaneously put a lump in her throat. Though brokenhearted, she never let her tears shed.

Sean Ford, her husband, was on the couch with a young model, Shelby Sue, both barely dressed and disheveled.

The same thing had happened so many times that she had lost count. Witnessing her husband’s affairs had become something normal, but it still hurt. She felt as though a knife had been plunged into her heart, over and over again. 

Meanwhile, Sean Ford grew impatient with the interruption. “Shannon, what makes you think that you can come here?”

She tried hard not to let her tears choke her. “Sean, will you come home tonight? You haven’t been home for three days,” she calmly asked.  On the surface, she managed to keep her emotions under control. 

“Hmmph!”

In his smile, there was a certain tinge of irony. “Shannon, cut the sweet-talk, you just want to have sex with me, don’t you?” He did not hesitate to pour ridicule on her in front of another woman.

Shannon’s face turned pale, but she could not deny it. That was exactly why she was here to see him.

Shelby was quickly irritated, for she simply could not allow her lover to be taken away by another woman all of a sudden. Firmly, she placed her slim hands on the back of his neck to pull him closer to her bare chest.

“Sean, ignore the crazy woman. I want more.”

“Hush. Go home now. You can have all you want tomorrow,” Sean reassured her. He stared at Shannon fixedly and saw the grim expression on her face that he had been waiting to see. 

Shelby decided to call it off, now that she had his word. She gave Shannon a look of haughty disdain before she walked out of the office while her high heels click-clacked down the corridor.

“Kneel!”

Sean ordered Shannon as soon as Shelby was out of sight.

The unexpected turn of events slightly flurried Shannon. She did not expect that they would be having sex in his office. “Sean, let’s go home, shall we?” She bit her lips nervously.

She did not want to be in a spot where another woman had been.

“What? I’m the one who’s paying for the service. Can’t I at least have a say in where I’d like to have it?”

“That’s not what I meant; I just don’t want to...”

“Then kneel!” He harshly interrupted, for he no longer had the capacity to tolerate any delay.

Shannon Gray’s disobedience caused the situation to become more intense. Angered, Sean Ford forcefully shoved her down. 

Shelby’s fragrance still lingered on his body, which was irritating, to say the least. “Sean, could you please take a shower first?” She asked, earnestly.

“Ha!” He would not answer a woman he held in such contempt. 

“Shannon, let me remind you that you’re here to sell your body, so you don’t have the right to make any request.”

She had spent the last 14 years loving him, and yet, she did not even deserve basic respect. Unfortunately, she could no longer stay composed, and tears started to roll down her face.

Nonetheless, she had what she was here for—they had sex.

Sean savagely threw a stack of cash in her face as he disappointedly exclaimed, “Here is 10,000! Count it!”

The stack of new notes cut her face, but there was no time to take care of it. She kneeled as she picked up the cash that was scattered all over the floor, piece by piece.

After all, the money was all that she needed to save their son’s life.

Though married, he never paid her any respect that a woman in a marriage deserved. Instead, he treated her as if she was only a prostitute.

He only paid her to have sex with him, and 10,000 dollars was the price that was mutually agreed upon.

There was never any delay in payment; cash was the only method of transaction.

Sean preferred cash over credit cards. In fact, he always made sure that there was enough cash to pay her for sex, anytime and anywhere.

He justified his actions this way—he needed to feel the pleasure that his money was well spent. The sheer delight of throwing money in her face after each session was irreplaceable.

But 10,000 dollars was barely enough to pay for John’s hospital bills. She needed more.

Without a choice, Shannon turned her face away from him and kneeled.

“Sean, I want… I want more,” she said while gritting her teeth with the painful feeling of humiliation.
