---
layout: novel
titleO: "When Love Took Too Long"
title: "When Love Took Too Long"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 530
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-25 15:02:42"
rating: 4.8
rating_count: 55
---

"I'll do it, Kendall. I'll give Winifred my spot for direct admission to the graduate program."

The villa door finally swung open as Kendall Johnson looked at Isabel Court coldly. The latter had spent the past two hours standing in the rain.

"Everything would've been fine if you'd just listened earlier." He held an umbrella as he let her into the house, and his usually stoic gaze was tinged with satisfaction.

He poured Isabel a glass of warm water, his expression a rare, gentle one. "Izzy, you've always been obedient and sensible, and your grades are exemplary. It doesn't matter whether or not you gain direct admission to the graduate program.

"But Winnie's situation is different. She wasted so many years in the mountains, and her foundation is weak. It's hard for her to keep up with her classes. Since she has the will to improve, why can't you lend her a hand?"

Kendall's tone sounded gentle, but it was actually firm and commanding. He seemed sure that Isabel would give in, no matter what.

She looked at him, trembling uncontrollably as she descended into an iciness that was even more intense than when she'd been outside in the rain.

She'd loved him for 11 years. He was her boyfriend—no, fiancé. But it was only in that moment that she realized he wasn't naturally aloof. He just didn't love her.

Isabel didn't remember her early childhood. All she knew was that she'd grown up in an orphanage before being adopted by the Court family at the age of ten.

At the time, the Courts had been devastated after losing their birth daughter. Even after adopting Isabel, the house was still filled with doom and gloom.

Her adoptive parents were strict with her and constantly compared her to their daughter, Winifred Court. They kept pushing her to become a proper heiress as Winifred had been.

Isabel had been miserable then. She had endless classes and lessons to attend, was subject to constant criticism, and was under immense pressure to excel.

Kendall had been the only light in her repressed world. He carried himself with grace and was a man of few words, but he handled everything with ease. He was close to perfect. He stood out among the crowd like a twinkling star in the sky, and Isabel just couldn't take her eyes off him.

The Court and Johnson families were on good terms, and both pairs of parents had constantly talked about making a promise for their children to marry. Since Winifred had gone missing, it had been up to Isabel to carry out the promise.

From the ages of 10 to 21, she knew Kendall would eventually be her fiancé and husband. She'd willingly chased after him, allowing him to influence all her emotions. He'd never responded to her feelings, but he also hadn't rejected her.

He'd played the role of a fiancé satisfactorily and had stayed by her side. That had made her think that perhaps he'd seen her devotion and finally noticed her presence.

However, just as she felt their relationship was only getting better, Winifred had returned. Everything had changed from that day on…

The warmth from the glass of water Isabel held burned her hand, making her snap back to her senses. She turned to head to the bathroom to wash up.

Kendall remained where he was, staring at her back as he watched her leave. He said, "Let's go to Murdove Island soon. I'll take you scuba diving."

Isabel faltered. This was what he was always like—he would give her a hint of sweetness and warmth whenever she was close to giving up on him, making her hesitate to leave him.

This time, however, she wasn't as overjoyed as he expected her to be. She turned to look at him coolly. "Kendall, I can't swim, let alone scuba dive."

Winifred had been a swimming champion as a child. She loved diving, surfing, and various water sports. It was clear who exactly Kendall wanted to go to Murdove Island with.

He didn't look embarrassed in the slightest. He remained calm as he asked, "Where do you want to go for a vacation, then? I'll make plans."

It was rare for him to ask for her opinion, but she didn't answer. She didn't bother arguing with him, either.

…

Kendall looked up from his phone when Isabel came out of the bathroom. He frowned slightly. "Are you burning up?"

She smiled bitterly. He'd locked her outside the house and left her in the rain for two hours in the dead of winter. It'd be a miracle if she didn't burn up.

He swept her off her feet and carried her to the bed. "Be good and lie down to rest. I'll get something for your fever."

His phone rang as soon as he turned away, and Isabel heard Winifred's dainty voice on the other end of the line. "My stomach really hurts, Kenny. I think I'm going to die…"

"Hang on, Winnie! I'll be right there!" A rare hint of panic flashed across Kendall's face when he heard that. He strode out of the room without hesitation, completely forgetting about Isabel and her fever.

The house, once filled with his presence, instantly felt empty. Isabel lay on the bed, dizzy from her fever. Amid her feverish haze, she felt tears stream down the sides of her face.

The distinction between love and indifference was painfully clear. But luckily for her, her birth parents had found her not long ago.

Isabel made an international call, dialing the number that she'd rejected many times before. "I've changed my mind about moving to Almonia. I should be able to wrap up my academic dissertation in about two weeks. After that, I'll go to Almonia to reunite with you."

"That's wonderful! We'll make sure to make this up to you, sweetheart! We can finally be reunited with you after all these years!" a woman said.

"In the meantime, say your goodbyes to your adoptive family. Thank them for everything they've done for you over the years," a man added.

Say her goodbyes? Would anyone actually care whether she left or stayed?

She didn't need to bid anyone farewell. In two weeks, she would pack her things and leave this place without alerting anyone.

