---
layout: novel
titleO: "Falling for the Wrong Person—Twice"
title: "Falling for the Wrong Person—Twice"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 394
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-26 13:51:19"
rating: 4.3
rating_count: 54
---

Savannah Cole had proposed to her childhood sweetheart, Camden Brooks, for the 99th time when he finally gave in and agreed to marry her.

Overjoyed, Savannah threw herself into the wedding preparations, believing she was about to achieve her long-awaited happiness.

But what she didn't know was that Camden had plotted revenge.

Out of spite for her relentless marriage proposals, he spiked her drink on their wedding day and watched as others sullied her. He filmed everything and uploaded it on the internet, where it quickly went viral.

As a result of the scandal, Savannah's career in the entertainment industry plummeted, and she was forced to step away from the spotlight.

Meanwhile, Brielle Dawson, who had debuted alongside her, seized the opportunity to dominate the market. In no time, she rose to become a beloved star.

When Savannah was at her lowest, Camden's uncle, Wyatt Greene, stepped forward and claimed that he had loved her for years.

Hurt and betrayed, Savannah found solace in Wyatt's words, and the two eventually got married. Wyatt showered her with love and tenderness, and, over time, she began to fall for him.

She thought that perhaps her misfortune had led her to a good man.

Six years into their marriage, everyone believed Wyatt cherished Savannah deeply. He kept her comfortable at home and cared for her every need. Even their first child had just turned five.

Everything seemed perfect until she became pregnant again.

Five months into her pregnancy, Savannah went to the hospital for a routine checkup. There, she unexpectedly heard Wyatt's voice.

Wyatt had made excuses not to accompany her that day due to work. But there he was, arguing with none other than Camden.

Just as Savannah was about to step in and stop the fight, the usually calm and collected Camden punched Wyatt in the face.

"We had a deal!" roared Camden. "Brielle has a heart condition and can't have children. The baby Savannah is carrying is supposed to be mine. You already got the first one with Brielle. Why did you switch my sperm with yours? You had no right!!"

Wyatt grabbed him by the collar and rebuked, "No right, you say? I married Savannah for you and lived with her for six years. I allowed you to get together with Brielle! I even went so far as to get a vasectomy so that Savannah wouldn't get pregnant with my child!"

Savannah stood frozen in place as a chill swept over her from the tips of her toes, crawling up her spine and consuming her entire body.

She had thought Wyatt was the light in her otherwise dark world, but now she realized he had only used her to fulfill Camden and Brielle's desires.

Not only that, but the child growing inside her was not even hers. It turned out that Wyatt was the one who couldn't have children and not her!

