---
layout: novel
titleO: "Never To Be Found"
title: "Never To Be Found"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 549
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-26 13:51:19"
rating: 4.4
rating_count: 78
---

In the summer of 1983, Iris Burnett was having a discussion with her teacher at the teacher's office at Sevanne High School. 

"Mr. Green, I've thought it through. I decided to continue my studies, but I'll swap my admission to Bellevue University for a Cryptology major at National Defense University."

Her frail frame starkly contrasted the shining determination in her eyes as she stood in the chilly fall winds.

Luke Green was taken aback for a while before he was overcome with joy. "Iris, you've finally come through! I thought you had ceded your place at Bellevue University to your cousin Erica when you decided to marry Officer Brownstein. 

"Anyway, there are prerequisites that come with being a Cryptology major at National Defense University. You need to give up your identity and take on a new name. Have you discussed it with your family?"

"There's no need to discuss with them. I can make the decision myself."

Iris' eyes flickered in pain at the mention of her family, but the pain dissipated in no time. Perhaps they would never take anything from her anymore when she finally disappeared from their worlds.

When Iris' uncle-in-law, Dale Colton, heroically sacrificed his life to save her from the river, her parents took his daughter in. 

They asked Iris to give things up for Dale's daughter, Erica Colton. After all, Iris was indebted to Erica.

Iris' parents gave Erica the best to make it up to her. Even Iris' fiancé, Keith Brownstein, ended up falling in love with Erica.

After losing her family and her man to Erica, Iris was forced by her parents to give up her place at Bellevue University for the former. Keith even offered Iris marriage in exchange for Erica's enrollment at Bellevue University. 

After giving it some serious thought over a sleepless night, Iris finally came to a realization.

This time, she would not be the bigger person and cave in. She wanted to cut ties with her family and have nothing more to do with them.

…

As Iris walked down the quiet, tree-lined path adorned with autumn foliage, she appeared even lonelier. The people on the street were blue-collar workers who had just finished their shifts, riding their bikes with cheerful smiles.

She felt like a fish out of water in the merry, noisy world around her.

A jeep suddenly pulled up beside her, blocking her path. 

"Hop in!"

Keith rolled down the car window, looking annoyed. "Have you talked to the school about your university admission?"

Iris did not reply.

Naturally, she had talked about it with the school, but she didn't do what Keith wanted. Instead of giving up her place at Bellevue University to Erica, she had decided to go someplace he couldn't reach her.

Without waiting for her reply, Erica poked her head out of the backseat and shook the stuff in her hand to show it off.

"Iris, look! Keith bought me many things—clothes, shoes, and even a radio! He said that he can't have people looking down on me at Bellevue University!"

Iris stared at the necklace around Erica's neck, and her expression shifted. She felt a searing pain through her chest as her heart felt like it was bleeding out.

That necklace was a gift from her late grandma and a token of her love for Keith. She couldn't believe that Keith loved Erica so much that he'd give her the necklace.

Sensing Iris' gaze, Keith looked slightly awkward but quickly regained his composure. "Well, Erica likes the necklace. It's not like it's valuable anyway. I'll buy you something better after we're married."

Iris felt bitter. The necklace itself was indeed not expensive, but it was valuable because of the love and affection attached to it. Alas, that didn't seem to matter for Keith.

But it wasn't surprising. Keith never loved her in the first place, so he didn't value the necklace.

Erica's eyes burned with jealousy when she heard the mention of marriage. She put on a pitiful look and cried out loud. "Keith, Iris seems quite unhappy. Is it because I took her place at Bellevue University? 

"I'm sorry. It's all my fault. I shouldn't have taken what was hers. I deserve to be cast aside."

Keith couldn't bear to see Erica upset. Looking grim, he glared at Iris. "Erica has had a difficult upbringing, while you have everything you'll ever need. Why are you still fighting with her?"

Then, he quickly caressed Erica's hair and comforted her, "Don't worry. You will have a place at Bellevue University. No one's taking that away from you."

Turning to Iris, he snapped, "As for you, you can go home on foot today and reflect on your actions. Apologize to Erica when you're done reflecting, or I won't forgive you!"

With that, he stepped on the gas and left wilfully, leaving behind a trail of dust.

Erica shot Iris a gleeful, aggressive look filled with schadenfreude while Iris coughed and choked on the dust.

As expected, Iris did not have to do or say anything. She'd still be in the wrong.

She stood there for a long time until a maple leaf fell on her shoulder. The cold had seeped through her thin outfit into her bones. 

Once, she found herself homeless because her parents were biased toward Erica. At that time, Keith had assured her that he would stay by her side and fill her world with love.

Unfortunately, the man who promised to protect her forever had had a change of heart.

The skies were gloomy. 

Iris wiped away her tears and pulled out a piece of candy from her pocket, her smile bitter.

She had kept that candy for a long time. Keith had given it to her, telling her to have candy if she ever felt down, as that would help sweeten her life.

Iris had kept it with her all this while because she couldn't bring herself to eat it. 

Like Keith's love, the candy had expired. Now, they were all trash.

She tossed the candy into the underground canal, the same way she tossed out her parents, who played favorites, and her fiancé, who had fallen for another woman.

