---
layout: novel
titleO: "Emptiness Is All That Remains"
title: "Emptiness Is All That Remains"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 163
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-26 13:51:19"
rating: 4.7
rating_count: 72
---

"Ms. Brightshield, these are the details of the death-faking service you requested. Your time of death will be three days after your baby's one-month birthday celebration. The cause of death will be drowning in the river. The fake deaths will be for you and your baby. Please confirm these details," the man said.

Candace patted her baby, Jamie Hamilton's back as he slept in her arms. She penned her signature on the document. She had finally decided to let go of the relationship that had failed to bear any fruit despite the years of blood, sweat, and tears she had sacrificed.

Everyone in Bloomingville knew that Candace was Shawn's most ardent admirer. She had been infatuated with him for eight years and had stuck to him like a leech until she became "Mrs. Hamilton".

What the public didn't know was that Shawn had given Candace his mother's diamond ring when he was five years old, promising to marry her when they were older.

When he was 15, he had tattooed their initials on his chest, right above his heart. He had been wholly serious when he declared, "Candy, I want our love to last forever. I never want to be apart from you."

When he was 18, he had risked his life and rushed into a pillar of blazing flames to save her. A beam had fallen on him, smashing the back of his head. He needed emergency surgery, and the doctor had warned them that there was a chance he might lose his memories after the procedure.

Before the surgery, Shawn had removed the silver necklace he had worn since he was a child and looped it around Candace's neck. "Even death can't separate us, Candy, what more a little bout of amnesia? Wait for me. I'll definitely remember you. Don't take off this necklace. It'll be the key to our reunion!"

When Shawn woke up, he had forgotten all of his memories before he turned 16. Worst of all, he had mistaken Yelena Chapman, who harbored one-sided feelings for him, for his girlfriend.

For the past eight years, Candace had done everything she could to jog Shawn's memory, but her efforts had all been in vain. Shawn ended up despising her even more because Lucia Lopez, his mother, had insisted that he marry Candace.

When she had been on the brink of death after suffering through a difficult labor, all Shawn had to say was, "Inform me when Candace is dead. She can vacate the title of 'Mrs. Hamilton' for Yelena."

Those words extinguished the last embers of love Candace had for Shawn. Thus, she took Jamie with her to a death-faking service provider with the intention to disappear from his world. She never wanted to see him ever again.

When Candace left the office, the big screen above a nearby shopping mall was broadcasting an interview that featured Shawn. 

His hand was interlocked with Yelena's, and his eyes were warm when he said, "Yelena's son, Nathan, is only three years old. He's at an age where he needs a father's love. That's why we don't have any plans to have a child for the time being. We don't want to hurt his feelings."

Shawn's answers elicited shrill screams from the passersby who had also stopped to watch the broadcast.

"The icy president of a company is ignoring his own flesh and blood to treasure the child of his divorced first love. You can tell how devoted he is to Yelena. I'm so envious!"

"Mr. Hamilton has been in love with her since he was 16! Even though Yelena abandoned him when he lost his vision, he never gave up on his feelings for her. It took three years for his efforts to bear fruit. Such an affectionate and devoted man is a rarity in the world!"

"Did that lovestruck fool, Candace, really think that she could win Mr. Hamilton's heart just because she took care of him for three years while he was blind? Shawn and Yelena's love is the real deal!"

"Who knows how Candace schemed her way into becoming 'Mrs. Hamilton'. She thought that she could win back Mr. Hamilton's heart by risking her life and giving birth to his son, but he's never properly looked at her even once! She's just stuck in her own deluded daydreams!"

"I've never seen such a shameless woman in my life. Shawn and Yelena are a match made in Heaven. Candace knew that Mr. Hamilton only had Yelena in his heart, but she refused to relinquish the position of his wife. Her head must be filled with nothing but despicable thoughts!"

Candace felt as if her heart was being pierced over and over again by the crowd's ruthless criticisms. She was in so much pain that she could barely breathe.

Jamie's crying snapped her out of her thoughts. She ignored what the crowd had to say and hurried into the shopping mall, searching for a nursing room where she could feed Jamie. 

Unfortunately, she ran into Shawn and Yelena at the toy store on the first floor. It looked like they were buying a toy for Nathan Havok, Yelena's son.

Shawn was patiently picking out a suitable toy for Nathan. His usually icy expression had been replaced by amusement. But when he spotted Candace, the smile on his face melted away in an instant.

"Don't you have anything better to do than look into my whereabouts and tearfully beg me to return home?" he hissed coldly.


