---
layout: novel
titleO: "Tortured by My Rich Wife"
title: "Tortured by My Rich Wife"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 439
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-26 13:51:19"
rating: 4.5
rating_count: 56
---

Simply for touching the bespoke suit of the richest man's son, Horace's mother had her hands and feet broken and was thrown into the sea, where she drowned. On the day he sued the arrogant Master in court, the latter was acquitted.  
This was because the lawyer who defended him was Amanda, the founder of City Rock's unparalleled law firm and was also Horace's wife. 　　
At the end of the trial, the elegant and beautiful woman left the defendant's bench and placed an “apology letter” in front of Horace.  
“Horace, sign it. You don't want to be sued for defamation and sent to prison, do you?”  
Her tone was gentle and persuasive, but the gaze hidden behind her gold-rimmed glasses was sharp as ice. 　　
Horace glared at her stubbornly, his voice trembling: “Why, Amanda?”   
He couldn't understand...
He was obviously her husband, and she loved him so much that she wanted to marry him, a caregiver, even if she gave up her family property and was under house arrest by the Young Family.
But after his mother died, he had begged her countless times, and even this morning, he knelt at her feet for the ninety-ninth time, threatening to divorce and begging her to give up the case.
But what did she say?
- Horace, don't push me!
Amanda turned the ring on her finger in boredom: "Godfery Morris is different. He has been chasing me for ten years and saved my life."
"I must protect him, even if the enemy is my beloved husband."
As she said, she opened the tablet in her hand and showed the live broadcast screen in front of Horace.
"You have two minutes to think about it, Horace. Even if you don't think about yourself, you should think about your mother. Sign it and I will return your mother's ashes to you..."
The screen showed a scene at sea, and several bodyguards were holding a sandalwood urn. As long as they let go...
Horace's eyes turned red: "What are you going to do?"
But she didn't frown: "Don't waste time. Can you bear to let Mom stay in the sea forever?"
"Amanda!" Horace stared at the woman in front of him, his mouth almost bleeding: "I want to divorce you..."
But in the cruel confrontation, she was so calm that she didn't give in at all.
"Horace, you only have the last thirty seconds."
At that moment, Horace's heart seemed to be pierced by a needle.
How ironic, obviously, this woman had once loved him with all her heart.  
Eight years ago, she fell in love with him at first sight in the old house of the Young family.
He was the old master's caregiver, and their social statuses were as different as heaven and earth, yet she had confessed her feelings to him a hundred times.  
She would replace all the plants in the garden overnight just because he had glanced at a green plant.
She would also book an entire floor of the hospital when he accidentally sprained his ankle.  
It was also then that he learned she had a suitor—a wealthy young master who had been pursuing her since childhood, loving her to the point of obsession.
But she had eyes for no one else—  "Horace, I only love you. Maybe Godfery and I are a good match，but I hate him!"
In order to force her to let go, the Young Family not only took back her shares, but also used their connections to send her to an island abroad.
For a full twenty days, Amanda used hunger strike to exchange for compromise from the outside world, and completely moved Horace's heart.
Just like that, they got married, and she really loved her husband as she promised.
The incident happened half a year ago. Godfery, who had been away for many years, suddenly returned , and this time, she suddenly changed her attitude towards this childhood sweetheart.
She turned down a multinational meeting, went to the airport to pick him up in person, and even did not go home for three days to organize a dinner for him.
In Horace's puzzled eyes, she told the truth: "A year ago, I went to the UK and had a car accident. Godfery was in a coma for a whole year to save me."
"Horace, I only love you, but he just woke up, I have to pay off this debt, one year, give me one year, okay."
At first, Horace believed her.
Until the night of the dinner, he accidentally suffered from an old illness and was taken to the hospital for rescue, but Amanda's phone could not be reached.
Helplessly, his mother found the luxury yacht where the dinner was held, but she never came back after this trip.
Everyone insisted that it was an accident and said that his mother committed suicide.
Even Amanda, who was not at the scene when the crime happened, believed this statement.
But that night, after he was pushed out of the emergency room, he clearly received a phone call. He heard the chaos on the other end of the phone, mixed with Godfery's scolding and his mother's painful screams.
His mother was forced to fall into the sea!
In the past six months, he blamed himself in pain and cried all the time. After a breakdown, he finally found a trace of evidence from a waiter.
He begged Amanda to help him countless times.
But in this criminal self-prosecution trial, she stood on the opposite side of him without hesitation.
She protected his mother's murderer and even threatened him with his mother's ashes to force him to admit his mistake to the other party...
At this moment, Horace looked at Amanda in front of him and felt that she was so strange that she seemed to come from hell.
He was desperate and resigned to his fate. He just shook his fingers and signed the apology letter with crooked handwriting.
"Satisfied? Then let them come back from the sea..."
But just as his hoarse voice fell, a cry suddenly came from behind.
Godfery suddenly held his head and lay on the dock: "Amanda, help, my head hurts again!"
At that moment, Amanda was so panicked that she threw down the tablet and rushed behind her.
On the other side of the live broadcast, the countdown had ended. Without receiving Amanda's order to stop, several bodyguards had already opened the urn...
"No! I have signed! Amanda, tell them to stop!"
Horace shouted like crazy, but how could those bodyguards listen to his orders.
He wanted to rush over and grab Amanda, but she was completely focused on Godfery, and even as she helped him away, her elbow collided with him forcefully.  
Horace lost his balance and stumbled toward the table corner, tears falling onto the tablet.  
It was too late, too late...
The ashes had already been scattered from the ship, carried by the cold sea breeze, slowly disappearing into the churning waves.  
The heart-wrenching self-blame tore at his heart.
His mother was always afraid of the cold, and she hated the cold sea the most. But now, not only did she die there, but she was also trapped in that sea forever.
"Mom, I'm sorry..." His voice collapsed.
Suddenly he regretted so much, regretted falling in love with Amanda, regretted marrying her.
Endless regrets struck his mind like a muffled bell, and Horace suddenly felt dizzy.
In the darkening world, he could only hear Amanda's anxious voice outside the court.
"Godfery, hold on, as long as you are fine, I will promise you anything!"


