---
layout: novel
titleO: "In Another World"
title: "In Another World"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 426
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-29 15:02:52"
rating: 4.6
rating_count: 56
---

The most sensational news that had sparked out in Journ City recently would have to be the time when Tristan Colton, CEO of Colton Group, won the ultimate bid on a 100-million-dollar necklace just to appease his beloved wife.

Tristan and his wife, Leticia Monroe, had been married for seven years. They were the epitome of true love. The entirety of Journ City often sang praises of their romantic tales.

At the moment, the man of the hour was sitting in a luxurious boutique that was located in a mall he had reserved in advance. He was accompanying his darling Leticia in trying on new clothes.

While the boutique's employees waited for Leticia outside the fitting room, they couldn't resist discussing with each other in hushed whispers.

"Is Mrs. Colton wearing the 100-million-dollar necklace that was on the news? Judging from the color and the material, it really is the best necklace in the world!"

"Mrs. Colton really is lucky! How did she get Mr. Colton to fall head over heels for her? Mr. Colton is extremely handsome and has a great figure! After all, many women have failed to seduce him over the years!"

"Not only that, but Mr. Colton pampers his wife so much! Mrs. Colton has tried on so many clothes for such a long time, and yet Mr. Colton keeps giving her serious feedback on all the clothes she's tried on so far! Other men would've grown impatient at this point!"

One of the employees doubted Tristan's love for Leticia.

"Do you really think a man will love a woman this much for so long? I refuse to believe that. Isn't there a phrase called the seven-year itch? Say, since Mr. and Mrs. Colton are soon approaching the seven-year mark of their marriage, do you think their marriage will take a turn for the worse?"

As the discussion went on, an employee began to develop ideas she shouldn't have. It was rare for her to have such a good opportunity to get close to Tristan, so she offered to pour him a glass of water.

When the employee approached Tristan, she pretended to twist her ankle so that she could fall into his arms.

But the moment she was about to succeed in her mission, Tristan responded quickly by scooting to the side, a displeased frown already gracing his features. The employee ended up crashing to the floor heavily.

Disgust appeared in Tristan's eyes as he gazed into the employee's seductive eyes. He turned to wave at a bodyguard, who stood next to him.

"Deal with her."

The bodyguard went forth and dragged the employee out of the boutique immediately.

Even so, Tristan felt that it wasn't enough. He took off his suit jacket before ordering his bodyguard to bring him a new one.

"Letty will think of me as filthy if she sees me wearing the same thing after what happened just now. She won't want to hug me anymore."

The onlookers dared not respond to Tristan at all. All they did was whisper among themselves while keeping their heads lowered.

"Mr. Colton loves Mrs. Colton to the core! Why else is he putting her on such a high pedestal?"

Leticia happened to have witnessed that particular scene after emerging from the fitting room. She stood there, looking a little dazed.

Oh, right. The entire city knew very well just how much Tristan loved her. He'd always made sure she felt safe and reassured no matter what.

Since Leticia didn't like the taste of alcohol, Tristan no longer attended business gatherings, nor did he drink any alcohol anymore. Because of this change in lifestyle, he ended up losing a project that was worth hundreds of billions of dollars.

Tristan didn't want Leticia to get jealous, so he never looked at other women directly. All he cared about was her.

Even if another woman were to touch Tristan, he'd tentatively apologize to Leticia. It was as though he was worried that she no longer wanted to be with him.

Back then, the older generation of the Colton family forbade Tristan from dating Leticia. As such, he used every trick in the book to let everyone know that Leticia was his one and only woman.

His passionate love and sincere antics were the only reasons why Leticia was willing to give everything up just to stay with him. 

No one knew that she didn't come from this world at all. 

A few years ago, Leticia had died in her original world. Her soul was bound to a system, which transported her into this particular world where Tristan existed. If she could successfully ensnare Tristan's heart, she'd be able to get revived in her original world.

Leticia spent many years bonding with Tristan and putting in hard work to capture his heart. That was how she finally became his true love and how he ended up loving her with all his heart.

Seven years ago, Tristan's archnemesis had his goons kidnap Leticia. The archnemesis demanded that Tristan crippled his own legs in exchange for her freedom.

Back then, Tristan didn't hesitate to cripple himself. Blood flowed out of his wounds like crimson rivers. Those injuries almost cost him his life.

Since then, the man who had it all was reduced to nothing but a cripple. He was condemned to a life of wheelchair assistance.

It was also at that moment that Leticia's efforts finally bore fruit. But she hesitated when she gazed at Tristan, who loved and cared about her more than his own life.

She couldn't bear to leave this world and Tristan behind.

Before the system disappeared, it had asked Leticia two questions. 

Did she really want to remain in this world? What would she do if Tristan were to betray her in the future?

Back then, Leticia nodded heavily while looking at Tristan, who obviously loved her deeply.

"I've decided to stay."

But she didn't answer the second question. 

That was because she failed to imagine the possibility of Tristan, the man who was willing to cripple himself for her sake, betraying her.

Since that day, the system left the world entirely. It never showed up in Leticia's life after that.

It was true that Tristan loved Leticia with all his heart for so many years. He prioritized her no matter what.

Everyone thought that Leticia should be the happiest woman alive because of how deep her husband's love was for her. She should be smiling happily as well.

But at that moment, Leticia couldn't even bring herself to smile at all.
