---
layout: novel
titleO: "Goodbye, My Love"
title: "Goodbye, My Love"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 329
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-29 15:02:52"
rating: 4.8
rating_count: 76
---

"System, I want to leave this mission world," Sabrina York said.

The system immediately appeared. "Your request has been approved, Sabrina. You'll have half a month to say your goodbyes to your family in this world."

It left as quickly as it had come. Sabrina was dazed at the mention of her family, and she slowly turned to look at a family photo on the table beside her. In it, her husband and son were on either side of her, kissing her cheeks, their eyes full of love. The happy image made her mind wander.

No one knew Sabrina was a Challenger. Ten years ago, the system had brought her to this world so she could win the affections of Jordan Faust, an affluent scion in Jellipolis.

Over the past ten years, they'd gone from dating to marrying. Not only had she successfully completed her mission, but she'd also fallen in love with him. So, when the system had asked whether she wanted to leave the mission world and return to reality, she'd hesitated.

Jordan loved her so deeply that she couldn't imagine how he would live without her—that was why she'd chosen to delay her departure. She'd stayed in the mission world to marry and start a family with Jordan.

He loved her dearly. He bought expensive jewelry for her like it cost nothing and would be home by 7:00 pm every night. Every morning and night started and ended with his kisses, and he constantly talked about her to the people in his life.

When she'd faced labor complications, he'd waited outside the operation theater, his eyes bloodshot with worry and anxiety. His hands had trembled when signing the critical illness notice, and he'd even gone as far as telling everyone he would join her in the afterlife if she didn't make it out alive.

Sabrina had been unconscious for three days after giving birth. The moment she'd opened her eyes, Jordan's tear-streaked face had been the first she'd seen. He'd kneeled by her bedside and held her hand tightly, saying, "We're not having anymore children, Rina. I don't want children—I only want you!"

Knowing that she'd been through hell during labor, he'd forgone a billion-dollar project during the month she'd spent recovering so that he could focus on her and their son, Ansel Faust.

Thanks to Jordan setting an example, Ansel became particularly clingy toward her. The first thing he did after returning from kindergarten was run to her to kiss her cheek.

He would then throw himself into her arms and tell her about what had happened at kindergarten. At night, he and Jordan would cling to her in bed and tell her bedtime stories.

Whenever Jordan came home, he would bring Sabrina a bouquet of flowers. Seeing that, Ansel had taken a leaf from his book and done the same.

Yet it seemed no amount of love mattered. Jordan and Ansel evidently loved Sabrina, but five years into the marriage, they'd still secretly formed a family with Jordan's secretary, Holly Rivers.

Jordan had bought Holly a villa at Bayview Coast—both their names were on the deed. That was where they would rendezvous.

Ansel would bring Holly a gift whenever they met; he would also kiss her on the cheek and cling to her, saying that he adored her.

Sabrina couldn't even count the number of nights they'd sneaked out to be with Holly after she'd fallen asleep.

The broken vows had marked the end of her relationship with them both. Upon learning the truth, she'd no longer been willing to stay in this world. She didn't want Jordan and Ansel anymore.

Sabrina slowly dried her tears and put the photo facedown on the table. Then, she went upstairs and started clearing her things. She packed everything Jordan and Ansel had given her over the years into two enormous boxes.

The villa seemed so empty without the things that it was as if she could stand at one end and see the other. At the same time, she could also see the end of her five-year marriage.

As she finished moving the boxes to the front door, an employee from the courier service she'd hired arrived to pick them up. 

She gave the employee Holly's address and said, "Please deliver these boxes to this address in half a month. I also want you to pass a message to the recipient. Tell her I'm giving her these things along with my husband and son."

"What are you giving away, Rina?" Jordan's voice rang out.

Sabrina turned to see him and Ansel standing nearby with two bouquets in their hands.

