---
layout: novel
titleO: "Let Tomorrow Heal Today"
title: "Let Tomorrow Heal Today"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 357
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-30 15:03:05"
rating: 4
rating_count: 40
---

Lisette Jones went to see Stella Shaw, her fiance's niece, to ask for her money back. The day after that, her fiance, Jasper Sullivan, tossed an account book that Lisette had never seen before at her.

All the money he had spent during their five-year relationship was listed in it.

It contained everything, from purchases as small as a two-dollar ice cream to the luxury bag that he had given her as a gift.

Even the money that he had spent on hotel rooms and buying condoms was recorded in it.

"I'll pay half of the money for the hotel rooms. Once you've subtracted the 100 thousand dollars that Stella owes, you still owe me 2.08 million dollars. I'll give you one month to transfer the money to me," he said mockingly.

Jasper leaned back lazily against the couch and looked up disdainfully at Lisette. The look in his eyes was so unfamiliar to her that it made her tremble. "What's the matter? Don't you have the money to pay me back?

"When you went to Ella to demand money from her, and when you threatened and humiliated her, did you ever stop to think about whether she had any money?"

A terrifying silence fell over the room. Everyone's eyes were focused on Lisette.

There was a sudden roar of laughter.

"Jasp, Lisette is broke. Where's she going to get 2.08 million dollars to pay you back?"

"She climbed shamelessly into your bed back then. Who do you think she's going to sell herself to this time to get the money to pay you?"

"It's just 2.08 million dollars! Lisette, if you make me happy tonight, I'll give you 2.5 million!"

Jasper smiled briefly as he casually swirled the wine in his glass. "Well, that has nothing to do with me. Lisette, if you can't pay on time, I'll have to sue you."

The blood drained instantly from Lisette's face. She felt as if she had been stabbed in the heart, and it hurt so much that she bent over. 

It wasn't the first time that Jasper had made things difficult for her for the sake of Stella, who had just returned from abroad.

The first time was when Lisette had failed to cook for Stella on time. Jasper had punished her by forbidding her to eat for three days. 

The second time was when Lisette had accidentally smashed Stella's tablet. Jasper had hit her so hard that he broke her arm.

The third time was when Jasper had ordered her to dress up as a clown and perform a stunt just because Stella was in a bad mood. Lisette had had to have a huge stone placed on her chest while someone smashed it to pieces with a sledgehammer. She had almost lost her life.

Right now, all she wanted was to get back her 100 thousand dolalrs, which Stella had wept and begged her for. 

However, Jasper had dragged her there to be judged in public and for all the wealthy heirs there to humiliate her.

Everyone was waiting to see her make a fool of herself. 

But when Lisette thought of her mother, Fiona Brown, and her expensive medical fees, she forced herself to smile as she looked at the person next to Jasper.

"Will you really give me 2.5 million dollars if I make you happy?"

The man looked excited. When Jasper had given his permission, the man called for the waiter to open ten bottles of liquor.

"Lisette, if you can drink all ten bottles of liquor today, I'll give you the 2.5 million!"

Lisette did not hesitate. She picked up a bottle and began chugging it down. It felt as if the high concentration of alcohol in it was burning a hole in her stomach, and the pain made her brow furrow tightly as she broke out into a cold sweat.

Everyone was watching her contemptuously, and Jasper's gaze was especially piercing. 

However, Lisette did not care at all. She lacked money and was desperately in need of it. 

Her pride meant nothing in front of money. 

After drinking ten bottles of liquor, Lisette's eyes were frighteningly bloodshot.

She held out her hand to the man. "Money."

The man turned and asked Jasper, "Should I give her the money or not, Jasp?"

"Go ahead." 

Jasper raised an eyebrow and smiled briefly. "It's not a big amount. Just think of it as showing charity to a roadside beggar."

A bank card was tossed at Lisette's feet, and she picked it up and turned to rush to the hospital.

With that money, Fiona would be able to have the operation.

However, after she got to the hospital and paid off the rest of the operation fees, the doctor looked regretful as he said, "Ms. Jones, Mr. Sullivan has commanded the hospital to stop all treatment for your mother. There's nothing we can do."

Lisette felt as if her world was collapsing around her. She dialed Jasper's number in a panic and begged him to save Fiona.
 
However, Jasper only chuckled scornfully on the other end of the phone. "Didn't she have an operation just a week ago? She won't die just because she has one less operation. Just think of it as a punishment for making Ella sad."

The moment he hung up, there was an ear-splitting beeping noise from the hospital room. 

The line on the heart monitor, which should have been undulating in waves, had abruptly turned into a straight line that no longer showed any signs of life.

There was a thump as Lisette's phone fell to the floor.

Her eyes were crimson as she threw herself down beside the bed.

She held Fiona's hand, trembling, but it was so cold that it made Lisette feel as if she had been plunged into ice. 

"Mom… Mom!"

Lisette's scream of despair echoed in the night. She stayed there for a whole day and night on her knees, a blank look in her eyes. 

It was only when the first rays of sunlight spilled into the hospital room that she finally accepted the fact that Fiona was dead. 

The doctor handed her a letter solemnly. "Ms. Jones, this is the letter that your mother wrote to you in her final moments. My condolences."

The letter was very short, but Lisette could not hold back her tears. "Lissie, run. Your life has only just begun."

The last gift Fiona had given her was freedom. 

Lisette took care of Fiona's funeral in a state of despair. After that, she called the National Research Institute without hesitating.

"Professor Hennessy, I've considered it thoroughly, and I want to join this research project."

