---
layout: novel
titleO: "All You Do Is Break Me"
title: "All You Do Is Break Me"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 287
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-30 15:03:05"
rating: 3.9
rating_count: 129
---

Tiana Jensen lay on the king bed in a hotel room, still basking in the post-coital afterglow Joseph Quill left her when she heard him promise her something.

"Give me one more month, Ana. Next month, I'll propose. I swear I'll give you the most extravagant wedding and make you the most admirable bride in the world."

This was year seven of their secret relationship.

No one in all of Jafton would believe the cool, self-possessed heir of the Quill family had been dating the Jensen family's adoptive daughter—a woman with a horrible reputation—for seven years.

Tiana had waited for this promise since she was 18 years old. She was 25 years old now. Her heart raced at his words.

Before she could say anything, her phone chimed with a special ringtone. Joseph reached for it, his voice still rough from their activities. "Which lover is this? Babe, are you really keeping some D-list pretty boy like the tabloids say?"

Tiana laughed and pushed his hand away. "It's my best friend."

She opened the WhatsApp image Irene Walker had sent her. It was of a marriage certificate, and the date indicated was that very day.

The groom was none other than Joseph Quill, the man who'd hidden his seven-year relationship with Tiana from both their families. On that very night, he had gone multiple rounds with her in bed and promised to marry her the next month.

Tiana sent a congratulatory message to Irene before turning and kissing Joseph.

He kissed well. It was tender and unending, leaving her so breathless that the lack of oxygen made her well up.

He said, "Give me a month, alright? One final month."

She said, "Okay. I'll wait."

Tiana bit his lip hard, only letting go when she tasted blood. "We've been together for seven years, Joseph. This is the last month I'll wait for you."

…

Tiana easily slipped past the paparazzi staking out the hotel and got into the car the Jensen family had sent to pick her up. Her brother, Elliot Jensen, was the one driving.

His eyes were dark with anger as he watched her stumble out the side entrance, barely steady on her feet. He growled, "Which D-lister was it this time? Isn't your reputation trashed enough already, Tiana? Do you have to drag the Jensen family's name through the mud, too?

"Look at Irene! She studies hard, plays the piano beautifully, and has a spotless reputation! When she turned 18 years old, Mr. Quill Senior personally visited the Walker residence to propose because he wanted her to marry Joseph. He wanted her as his granddaughter-in-law!"

Elliot continued, "I heard Joseph waited seven years for Irene, flying abroad every year to spend time with her while she studied there, right up until she got her PhD this year.

"The tabloids caught him proposing to her today as well as the two of them walking out of city hall. They must've registered their marriage.

"Honestly, he's pretty impatient. He couldn't even wait for the wedding. He probably wanted to get that marriage certificate first to lock it in… You and Irene came from the same orphanage, Tiana. Look at her—"

The words were barely out of Elliot's mouth when he slammed the brakes, making the black Lincoln stop dead. Then, he slapped himself hard. He didn't dare look at Tiana, who sat in the passenger seat. "Ana, I shouldn't have said that. I'm sorry."

Tiana sat with her back straight and face pale. Her eyes were dull and hollow.

Elliot took her hand. Her fingertips were like ice. "Hit me if you want. I messed up… I shouldn't have brought that up."

After a long moment, Tiana said softly, "The photos."

Elliot blinked. "What photos?"

"The paparazzi shots." Tiana stared into the dark ahead, her gaze unfocused. "Irene and I grew up in the same orphanage, and we're best friends. Let me see whether she and the legendary Quill heir make a good match."

Elliott tossed his phone into her lap. "See for yourself."

Tiana unlocked it with her fingerprint and swiped through the images.

She saw Joseph on one knee in a lavender field, kissing Irene's ring finger. She also saw him grinning as he stood before a bridal shop window with his arm around Irene's shoulders. There was also an image of him carrying Irene bridal-style out of a castle…

All the photos had been taken abroad.

Tiana remembered all the times Joseph had told her he had to "go abroad for business" throughout their seven-year underground romance. He took 12 trips a year and would be away for two weeks each time.

It turned out his "business" was romancing Irene.

Tiana grabbed at her chest, where an indescribable pain spread from her heart and throughout her body. It hurt so much that she doubled over.

Elliot panicked at her reaction and snatched the phone back. "Ana, I won't say Irene's name in front of you ever again! Don't scare me!"

He was one of the few people who knew Tiana and Irene, her so-called best friend, didn't get along at all. Though he didn't know the details, he was aware Tiana loathed hearing Irene's name.

Tiana forced a smile. "You said I should learn from Irene, right? I'll do it. Help me set it up. Send me abroad to study."

Elliot stared at her in disbelief. "Seriously?"

He didn't believe Tiana could suddenly turn over a new leaf.

She chuckled bitterly. "Seriously—but only if I haven't married myself off by next month."
