---
layout: novel
title: "Rescuer's Betrayal: The Truth That Drove My Husband Insane"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 344
cover_image: "/images/rescuer-s-betrayal-the-truth-that-drove-my-husband-insane.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-05-16 22:25:14"
rating: 4.5
---

My daughter's ship suddenly hit a reef and began to sink during her winter school trip.

My husband William is the most outstanding lifeguard in the Blue Ocean Rescue Team.

But I didn't inform him about the critical situation. Instead, I drove straight to the rescue team's headquarters.

In my previous life, William and his teammates only flew out to save our daughter after I begged him desperately.

But because he was busy rescuing our daughter, he couldn't make it in time when his ex-girlfriend Lucy's house caught fire. Lucy died in that accident.

Overwhelmed with guilt, William buried himself in work and didn't come home for a month.

Until one weekend, he suddenly returned and suggested taking us on a picnic.

Who would have thought he'd drugged our drinks?

He took us to Lucy's grave, poured gasoline on me, and roared with bloodshot eyes.

"Lucy died because of you! I must give her an explanation. If you two hadn't conspired to send me away that day, she wouldn't have suffered so much before dying!"

Then he lit the lighter.

When I came to my senses, I found myself back on the day of my daughter's accident.

Only this time, no one was going to stop him from saving his ex-girlfriend.

But why did he come back crying and begging for my forgiveness in the end?
