---
layout: novel
titleO: "Deadly mate"
title: "Deadly mate"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 261
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-31 15:03:10"
rating: 4.6
rating_count: 22
---



I cried into the shoulder of my best friend. I hated seeing April go. She was like my sister, but she couldn't stay here... Her rightful place is with Asher, and his rightful place is being alpha if the luminescent pack.

"I wish you didn't have to leave!" I cried tightening my arms around her. 

"I know, please visit me..." She cried back with her arms wrapped around me. Sam and Dallas had soon joined the hug. This was hard for all of us. We've all been friends since day one, by day one; I mean day one of middle school. It was our open circle that had made other friend groups. Part of me wishes that Asher wasn't April's mate. That they were still brother and sister. Though a spark had lit in Aprils eyes. She was happy. So then of course I would never wish her happiness away. 

Asher was saying goodbye to his friends. His huge friend circle gathered around him. Suddenly Grant yells out "I'm coming with you, I go where the party goes!" James slapped the back of his head making him scowl. Asher and Jeremy gave each other a bro hug. And before I knew what was happening my best friend was dragged away from me. 

I stood in the driveway and watched as the cars took off. My head hurt like hell. No amount of medicine could get rid of this pain. At first it was a gentle tug, and then as the days passed by it turned into a huge pull. I couldn't stand it. 
I went back inside the Unrban's house I went straight for their medicine cabinet. 

Issac, their real son, sat at the table with his hands buried in his dark brown locks. 
When he heard me open the cabinet his head shot up. His light green eyes filled with shock. 

"What are you doing here?" He asked giving me a glare. Honestly this dude has been pissing me off for over the past week! I just want to punch that glare straight off of his perfect face. Perfect? Ugh! 

"Well, I'm at the medicine cabinet... So I must want some Oreos." I snapped grabbing a bottle of ibuprofen. 
Advil just wasn't working for me anymore.

"You don't have to be a bitch," He growled standing up. 

"What's your problem!" I snapped back. 

A stupid question deserves a stupid answer, that's a fact. 

"My problem?!" I watched as he threw his head back and laughed. Once he stopped laughing he became very serious. 
"It's you." 

I felt my anger spike, my body started to heat up with an unimaginable rage. I clenched my teeth together to restrain the horrible profanities dying to be screamed. 
I could feel my eyes changing colors. My wolf was on full alert. 

"Bastard." I hissed while stomping out of the kitchen. I was still holding the pill bottle in my hand. I couldn't keep going to the Unrban's house. April was no longer living there. I felt tears prick at the back of my eyes, though I refused to let them fall. Crying is against my DNA.

Climbing into my car, I calmed down my barley present wolf. Let me clear that up for you. 

A Werewolf shifts on their 17th birthday. Some weres' shift before then, but only if they find their mate. That's what normal werewolf's are told anyways. It's both a lie and the truth. 

You can half shift. 
Half shift is where you can't turn into your wolf, but your senses are heightened and you become more advanced than normal wolves. This is only possible if one of your family members is or was a speed demon. My family has generations of speed demons lined up all the way from the beginning. Literally, all the way up to when they came up with the cheesy name. 

I half shifted when I was of the age 12. 
I can still remember the horrible pain. 
The confusion also hit like a brick. My mom, who is the leader, was expecting me to half shift at the age of 15... Not 12. It took us both by surprise. 

I turned my Acura on, he cranked up and sounded like a beast. Obviously I couldn't help the smirk that spread across my thin lips.

"Ooh you sound so good baby A." I cooed to my car. April got her car before me, back then I didn't understand why she treated her car like a child. Once I got my baby A. Is when I finally understood why she did that.
In all honesty, I could arrive at my house in less than a minute, due to my special capabilities, but I prefer to drive. 
I know it's a blessing to be who I am, but think about it this way. I've killed people, and I liked it. The feeling of a once beating heart stopping because of me, it fills me with power. Do I ever feel bad about it? All the time, then I just end up remembering the feeling of adrenaline and power and it flushes any guilt that I held away. Though I do want to be normal which is why I drive, and fail my gym run. And go shopping. 

My Acura pulls into our smooth drive way, right next to my moms mustang. I don't approve of her car choice, but it's what she dreamed of having since she was a little kid. 

Gripping the keys in the ignition, I sighed. 
"All right. Let's get this over with." 
I pulled the keys out, turning the car off in the process. Before I went inside I popped a few pills in my mouth and swallowed them. It was time to face my job. 

I got out of the car, my face cold and emotionless. This expression took only a day to master. I had the best poker face you could only imagine. 

Closing the door to baby A. I then went inside to face my mother, and instructor. 

"Callie." My moms cold voice reached my ears. She turned the corner her face hard, her cold blue eyes crinkled slightly as she tried to hide her anger.

"Janet." I call her by her instructor name. This is also why I liked it when April was here. My mom was actually a mom when she was around. 

"You missed training." 

"I had better things to do." I growled out feeling my previous anger rise once again. 

"Like what?" She asked raising her eyebrow, her lips twitched slightly. My poker face was better than hers. 

"You already know." I mumbled, 
"I'm going to go change... We can train now." I sighed, this was my life. This was what I was built for. 

"Good." 

I marched up the stairs my body already aching from anticipation. I felt my moms cold blue eyes follow up until I turned the corner. We worked hard to get me up to where I am now. I'm the best of the best. 

Though being the best means that I'm the reason somebody's dead. 


