---
layout: novel
titleO: "Now You See Me"
title: "Now You See Me"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 193
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-31 15:03:10"
rating: 4.2
rating_count: 128
---

  Invisible… that's what I am. For the most part that's the way I like it, but when you can't walk down the hallway to your locker without accidentally being body slammed by people passing by, completely unaware that you are standing there, it can get a little bit tedious.
  &quot;Holy Crap!! Do you see how he looks today!!&quot;
  That would be Jessica, the one and only soul that see's me at this school, my best friend since third grade. The only thing I'm going to miss about this horrible town, I can't wait to escape from as soon as I graduate, would be her.
  &quot;Whoever could you be talking about?&quot; I sarcastically remarked while rolling my eyes dramatically.
  &quot; Alicia you are insufferable, you know exactly who I'm talking about.&quot; She narrowed her eyes at me while grabbing my shoulders and spinning me around to give me a good view at the tall, dark, and handsome man she was referring to, and whom she drools over each and every day, despite the fact that she has a boyfriend. Logan Saunders.
  He did in fact look great. He was wearing a jet black t-shirt that fit snug on his rock hard body only accentuating each bulge, well defined chest muscles and huge biceps. Jeans that fit perfectly on his body showing the most perfect backside, and of course my favorite part, his gorgeous blue eyes, a dark captivating blue one could get lost in them forever, like being lost at sea.
  Of course like any boy at our school that looks like him, not that any of them could compare, his personality inevitably ruins the entire package with his arrogance, self-centeredness, and his sense of entitlement and superiority. Needless to say I have had a couple run-ins with the school king that has rendered me officially (not a fan), not that he even noticed.
  &quot;Jessica, one day Kyle is going to walk by at the same time you are eyeballing the resident eye candy, and he s not going to be so forgiving.&quot; I reminded her.
  &quot;Oh please, I'm allowed to look, besides, Kyle knows I love him… I told him so last night.&quot; She said with a sly grin.
  My jaw instantly dropped to the floor, &quot;Oh my god, did you say the L word to Kyle?&quot;
  She shook her head yes with excitement, &quot;And he said it back!!&quot;
  &quot;That is amazing I'm so happy for you two.&quot;
  &quot;So we are going out to celebrate.&quot; She mumbled not making eye contact.
  My eyes narrowed recognizing when my friend was up to something. &quot;You and Kyle?&quot; I enquired knowing very well thats not who she meant.
  &quot;Come on Alicia, you know I'm talking about you and I!&quot; She pouted. &quot;And.. theres this party.&quot;
  Again no eye contact.
  &quot;Nope. You know I don't do parties, I don't feel comfortable at them, theres nothing but drunken sweaty people trying to hook up and grind on each other, and worst of all the last party you talked me into, you and Kyle ditched me to find a room not even bothering to tell me where you went.&quot; I whispered angrily with a scowl.
  &quot;Please! Kyle won't even be there, he has a family thing and I really wanted to go to this party with you to celebrate the very big step Kyle and I have taken! Please, please, please.&quot; Her pout became even deeper as if that was even possible and she fluttered her eye lashes at me looking up with puppy dog eyes.
  &quot;Fine! I will go, but if you ditch me again Jess I swear to God that will be the last party I will ever attend with you.&quot; She squealed in excitement and started jumping up and down in the hallway grabbing a few confused looks from people around us.
  &quot;Ok, ok calm down your making a scene.&quot;
  &quot;Oh my god, I'm gonna make you so hot tonight, your going to be the one ditching me at this party.&quot;
  &quot;No you are not, and I very much doubt that.&quot; I mumbled into my locker grabbing the last of my books I need for class. I glanced over to the group of the hottest seniors at our school, one in particular, and thought to myself, know body even knows I exist in this school.
  Later That Night:
  &quot;Will you stop fiddling with it, you look great.&quot; Jess slapped my hands away as I desperately attempted to get more length in the skirt she made me wear, while we walked up to the party.
  &quot;This is barely even a skirt, its a small bit of material wrapped around my ass and is dangerously close to revealing the goods underneath.&quot; I felt so embarrassed showing this much skin, and I really don't think I have ever showed this much cleavage before, when Jess shoved my hands away from the hem of the skirt they immediately attempted to lift up the shirt to show less boob.
  Jess sighed a long dramatic sigh and grabbed my arm and dragged me to the side of the house where the party was currently underway.
  &quot;Listen, you are a strong, independent, beautiful woman. You look hot, and its time you start to show it. Now no more messing with my perfect creation. We are going to go into that party, and dance together, get drunk together and start to enjoy our youth, because you have done nothing the past three years but kept your nose in the books not even looking at the world around you. Well, today you are going to look, and people are going to look at you!&quot; She hollered while grabbing my arm once again and dragging me towards the door.
  I couldn't help but laugh, Jess has an infectious laugh and endless enthusiasm that makes even the most lame, such as myself, want to get involved. Perhaps I will go a little bit out of my comfort zone tonight.
  Sure enough the scene before us was to be expected, half naked teenagers grinding on the dance floor with people they probably don't know. People were piling into the house back to back, and I desperately wanted to look for a place I could breath.
  &quot;Jess isn't there anywhere we could stand with a little less... people?&quot; I said started to feel quite claustrophobic.
  &quot;Come over here.&quot; She led the way to somewhat of an empty corner of the room and I let out a sigh of relief. &quot;I'm going to get us a couple of drinks, you stay here, I'll be back.&quot;
  I nodded to her, since it was pointless to respond since I barely even heard her, and I just awkwardly stood in my place already feeling like I should be going home.
  Off in the distance in the middle of the dance floor, Sarah Richards, the most popular and beautiful girl in the school, looked like she was desperately looking for someone. She began to seem a bit agitated and as she stepped closer I could begin to hear what name she was calling out in her somewhat drunkin state. Of course it was Logan's name. Who else would it possibly be. The queen needs her king.
  Out of the corner of my eye I noticed Logan coming in the room with a look of anger and panic. He looked to his left and was met with more crowds demanding his attention. He looked to his right and found... me.
  He swiftly moved over to me using his body almost as a blockade to the rest of the party, startled I took a few steps back and was stopped by the wall behind me. He was so close I had no idea where to look, or even where to put my hands considering with the confusion I may have placed my hands on his rock hard chest as he moved forward. As soon as I realized where my hands were I embarrassingly shot them down to my sides, and immediately looked up to see what the hell was going on.
  When I looked up however I was met with those beautiful dark blue eyes staring right back into mine. He was breathing heavy, and I could feel his minty breath brush my face, and I was painfully aware of how close his lips were to mine.
  &quot;Logan.. what are you..&quot;
  My question was cut off short as Logan interrupted with &quot;I'm sorry about this.&quot;
  Confusion hadn't even set in before his lips crashed onto mine.

