---
layout: novel
titleO: "Love Over Hate"
title: "Love Over Hate"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 384
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-12-31 15:03:10"
rating: 4.5
rating_count: 100
---

    　　When Lea started to love Glen, he started to hate her.

    　　She said, "Glen, you will never know how much I love you."

    　　He said, "Why weren't you the one who died in the first place?"

    　　Lea smiled, "Okay, as you wish."

    　　She should have known for a long time that love is just her imagination. Since it is what he hopes, then she will fulfill what he wants.

    　　...

    　　"Pain……"

    　　With that familiar sting, Lea woke up from her sleep. The pain made her lose all the blood on her face.

    　　The pain she's feeling did not even cause the man she's with to have pity on her. Instead, he became fiercer.

    　　"Glen, why are you crazy?"

    　　Lea gritted her teeth and hammered the man who was working hard on her. She's almost numb with pain.

    　　"Ah."

    　　A sneer appeared on the man's lips, but his movements did not slow down at all. Perhaps after drinking, his body was full of energy because of the strong alcohol.

    　　The woman under her body was constantly twisting and struggling, but seeing that aroused the man's possessiveness even more.

    　　Glenn pinched the woman's delicate white neck. Her deep eyes filled with strong hatred.

    　　"Lea, why didn't you die in the first place?"

    　　Lea's heart trembled as she tried to hold back the tears that had reached the corner of her eyes. Her ten fingers were pinched tightly on the man's back, leaving deep finger marks.

    　　"Glen, if you love her so much, why did you marry me in the first place?"

    　　"Lea, now she is dead, do you think I will make you feel better? Since I can't kill you for her, I want you to live miserably I think it's better than die."

    　　Listening to the insensitive words of him, Lea's tears could no longer be stopped from the corner of her eyes.

    　　The woman’s eyes were full of desolation. "If I could, I would rather choose to be the one who died."

    　　It's been three years and more than a thousand days and nights; that man has always tortured her all the time.

    　　She was still too naive. When he asked her to marry her, Lea always had naive fantasies even though she knew that the man is full of hate.

    　　Maybe, after a long time, she thought that the man will eventually fall in love with her. But Lea, who is deeply in love, did not expect that the word "grow for a long time" is the most beautiful and empty lie in love.

    　　"Glen, I was wrong, please let me go.", Lea's low voice muffled from the pillow. Glen paused for a moment but continued with more violent movements.

    　　"Lea, don't you think about it..."

    　　When Lea woke up, Glen had left her alone in bed.

    　　No matter how late it is, as long as it is over, the man will just leave without any trace as if she is just a sex object.

    　　Repressing the bitterness in her heart, Lea dragged her bruised body up to wash.

    　　Looking at the haggard and dim-eyed woman in the mirror, how could she look like the old but proud and wanton Lea?

    　　Bright red blood came out of his nose. Lea clutched her nose and didn't care. She just thought it was a normal phenomenon of getting angry.

    　　As soon as the nosebleed stopped, there was a sudden tumbling in her stomach. She retched constantly on the side of the sink in the bathroom.

    　　She has been having this condition recently. At first, she didn't care about it, but now a thought suddenly came to her mind.

    　　Will it...

    　　This thought made her have mixed emotions; expectant and fearful.

    　　In order to verify what was in her mind, Lea didn't eat breakfast but hurried to the hospital.

    　　"Lea Anderson, right?"

    　　The doctor's emotionless voice was heard and Lea quickly nodded in response when she heard her name.

    　　"You have been pregnant for a month, and the fetus is slightly unstable."

    　　Lea was almost out of breath with nervousness, "Then, what should I do?"

    　　The doctor was probably in his forties. Seeing Lea's elegant and beautiful looks, he thought she has a lot of money in her bag.


