---
layout: novel
title: "Back from the dead, I'm going to make my pseudo-paralyzed parents pay for their evil deeds."
author: ""
featured: true
views: 213
cover_image: "/images/back-from-the-dead-i-m-going-to-make-my-pseudo-paralyzed-parents-pay-for-their-evil-deeds-.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2025-05-16 22:26:50"
rating: 4.5
---

Upon being reborn, the first thing I did was grab a stick and swing it at my supposedly paralyzed parents.

In my previous life, when both my parents became paralyzed, the responsibility of caring for my younger brother fell entirely on me. I had to drop out of school to support the family. Later, I worked three jobs until my brother was accepted into Stanford University.

When I returned to my hometown to share this good news with my parents, I discovered that my supposedly paralyzed parents were standing like normal people. They were holding a girl who looked remarkably like me, affectionately calling her their daughter. In disbelief, I approached them, but they impatiently pushed me to the ground.

Through their disdainful conversation, I learned that I was actually the daughter of Mr. Johnson, the Billionaire, and had been swapped with their biological daughter when I was young.

"If we hadn't needed you to support our Chloe, we would have left you to fend for yourself on the streets long ago."

"Now that Chloe is in university, you are of no use to us anymore. You can go straight to hell."

At my mother's command, the bodyguards came forward to restrain me. My brother, whom I had protected since childhood, just stood by indifferently, watching as I was beaten to death.

When I opened my eyes again, I was back on the day my parents announced their paralysis.
