---
layout: novel
titleO: "Billionaire's Regret Is too Late"
title: "Billionaire's Regret Is too Late"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 319
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-01 15:02:46"
rating: 4.5
rating_count: 76
---

“Ms. Clark, are you sure you want to change your name? Once you change your name, your education, documents, and passport will all need to be updated.”  
I nodded: “I'm sure.”
The staff member continued to persuade me: “Changing your name is actually quite troublesome, and your original name is also very nice. Why don't you consider it again?”
“I won't consider it again.”
I signed the name change consent form: “Thank you.”
“Alright, the name you want to change to is... Harriet, correct?”
“Yes.”
Harriet.
This is my plan for my future.
I want to leave here completely.
I asked the staff: "Excuse me, can I change the name on my passport now?"
"Yes, this is your name change receipt, you can take it to the next room to change the name on your passport."
I changed my passport as quickly as possible.
But I didn't change anything else, such as my graduation certificate and household registration book.
Anyway, I will leave with a new passport in a week, so my previous identity will stay forever, and I don't need it anymore.
I walked out of the service hall with my new passport, and across from me was the landmark building of H City.
An interview with Emmanuel Roberts, president of Roberts Group, was being played on the big screen of the building.
The host noticed his little action very keenly and asked with a smile: "Mr. Emmanuel, I noticed that you have been touching your ring, but... it seems that this is just a very ordinary silver ring. Is there anything special about it?"
Emmanuel smiled very gently and raised his hand to show her: "This is my wedding ring."
"Ah? Sorry, I thought that with your current wealth, your wedding ring must be a diamond ring, and the carat weight must be heavy."
Emmanuel said: "I made my wedding ring by myself, polished it bit by bit, and engraved my name and my wife's name on the inner ring."
"Wow, there are really two strings of letters, Emmanuel and..."
Emmanuel said: "Erin,Erin Clark is my wife’s name."
"Wow, I really envy your wife. I guess she must have saved the world in her previous life to marry you, Mr. Emmanuel."
Emmanuel just said: "In fact, I saved the world in my previous life to marry her."
Almost all the passers-by around were envious,
Only the person involved in the incident——
me.
I just gave a sarcastic laugh.
Emmanuel and I were truly in love once, from school uniforms to wedding dresses, we spent fifteen years together.
In the eyes of our classmates and teachers, we were the most loving couple.  
Until two months ago.  
I received a photo from a stranger.  
The girl looked to be in her early twenties, but she was wearing seductive stockings and a nightgown, with bruises from her neck down to her chest.  
There was no need to guess—she had just gone through a “passionate encounter.”
She gave the camera a V sign.  
On her index finger was a silver ring, slightly too large, likely a men’s size.  
Engraved on the ring were a row of English letters: Emmanuel & Erin.  
Later, I met that girl in Emmanuel’s office.  
Her name was Janet, a recent college graduate, twenty-one years old, and Emmanuel’s new personal assistant.  
At that moment, my mind was a bit numb.
I really wanted to burst into Emmanuel's office and ask, “Does ‘personal assistant’ include sexual services?”  
But I decided to quit.  
The bruises all over Janet's body in that photo had already answered the question.  
I left amid the gasps and envy of those around me and headed to a jewelry workshop.
When I removed the ring from my left ring finger, it hurt deeply.  
“Miss, what jewelry would you like to have made?”  
“This ring—please melt it down for me.”  
“There’s engraving on this ring; it must have special meaning. Are you sure you want it melted down?”  
“Yes, please do it as soon as possible.”  
Half an hour later, I returned home with a beautifully packaged jewelry box.
When Emmanuel returned, it was already past ten o'clock at night.  
He was holding a bouquet of flowers: “Sorry, Erin, I've been busy with work lately and haven't had time to spend with you. I brought you your favorite freesias. Do you like them?”  
As he leaned in, I caught the scent of a woman's perfume on him.  
Glancing sideways, I noticed a small bite mark on his Adam's apple.
There was also a woman’s lipstick mark on the collar of his shirt.  
It was red and very obvious.  
I sneered, ‘Are you busy with work, or busy cultivating a relationship with Janet?’  
“Why aren’t you saying anything?”  
I pushed him away: “I’m just a little tired.”  
“Then shall I carry you back to bed?”  
Saying this, he bent down, preparing to pick me up horizontally.
I pushed him away again: “You're tired too. Take a shower and rest early.”  
Emmanuel reached out to take my hand, but suddenly noticed something: “Erin, where's your wedding ring?”


