---
layout: novel
titleO: "Don't Break My Heart"
title: "Don't Break My Heart"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 246
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-02 15:03:01"
rating: 4.2
rating_count: 129
---

This was Catherine Somerset's 30th blind date, and it took place at Shelton Restaurant.  

The man, dressed in a suit, wasn't particularly striking in appearance. Nevertheless, his eyes were fixed on Catherine's beautiful features. He was clearly intrigued by the pretty lady sitting across from him.

Meanwhile, Catherine stirred her coffee in silence. Her impassive expression indicated that the man's interest was only one-sided. Unlike him, she wasn't the least bit interested.

Outside the restaurant, a sleek black Maybach was discreetly parked in a corner. 

Its windows were wound up, and inside the car sat Raphael Lindberg. He had strikingly handsome features and an icy demeanor. All those years spent in the business world led to him developing a commanding presence as well.

He rolled down the window and calmly observed the interaction between the two people inside the restaurant.  

Initially, the conversation seemed amicable. But in the next moment, the man sitting across the young lady appeared to be saying some jeering words, which were then accompanied by a lecherous smile. This caused Catherine's expression to falter a little, and she immediately stood to leave.  

However, the man was quick to reach out and grab her arm, refusing to let her go.

Back in the car, Raphael's assistant, Ethan Daley, started to get anxious in the driver's seat. As soon as he saw that Catherine was being harassed, he turned and intended to alert Raphael about the situation.

But before he could say a word, he heard the heavy sound of the car door opening and closing. When he turned to look ahead again, Raphael was already heading into the restaurant. Even his back radiated a chilling air.

"Why are you leaving already? We've barely talked. You're just trying to sell yourself for a good price, aren't you? Do you think I can't afford it?" Wilfred Holt asked tauntingly, tightening his grip.

Wilfred was a member of one of the wealthiest and most prominent families in the city. He had heard about Catherine constantly going on blind dates. So, he was convinced she was looking for a profitable marriage she could benefit from. 

Catherine's gaze turned cold as she said frostily, "Let go."

Her composed demeanor further piqued Wilfred's interest. He smirked lewdly and was just about to say, "What if I don't?"

However, he was suddenly kicked hard from behind. In the next moment, he felt an iron grip around his wrist.

"Ah!" Wilfred cried out in pain, his knees buckling. Instinctively, he released his hold on Catherine.

When he looked up, he saw Raphael, who was moments away from breaking his wrist. His expression immediately changed as he blurted in surprise, "M-Mr. Lindberg?"

Raphael looked down at Wilfred as if he were nothing more than an insect. 

Wilfred was utterly confused—wasn't Raphael the one who had arranged for him to meet Catherine in the first place?

Raphael uttered every word deliberately and frigidly, "I told you to go on a blind date with her. But did I say you could touch her?"

He tightened his grip as he spoke. It wasn't until Wilfred was on the verge of passing out from the pain that Raphael finally released him. He tossed Wilfred to the floor mercilessly, like he was trash.

Raphael typically couldn't be bothered with spoiled scions like Wilfred, but the scene he had witnessed earlier enraged him to no end. 

When he saw Ethan step into the restaurant, he calmly picked up an unused napkin and wiped his hands while instructing, "From now on, I don't want to see the Holt family in this city."

Ethan nodded and replied, "Understood."

The meaning was clear—Raphael intended to ruin the Holt family.

Wilfred's face turned pale. But before he could beg for mercy, Raphael had already taken Catherine by the hand and walked out with her. Catherine didn't utter a word the whole time.

Raphael led her unhurriedly to the car, while Ethan stayed behind to deal with the aftermath. So, it was just the two of them inside the vehicle. 

Raphael noticed Catherine's distant gaze and knew that she was upset. In fact, from the moment he had started arranging blind dates for Catherine, she hadn't been happy ever since.

After a few moments of silence, he glanced at her delicate side profile and said, "Are you upset? I'll have my subordinates screen more carefully in the future. You won't meet someone like that again."

Catherine had been holding back her anger. Finally, she turned to look at him with reddened eyes. "Raphael Lindberg, are you seriously going to push me into someone else's arms?"

In the entire Jalendorf, there weren't many people who dared to call him by his full name. Not to mention that Catherine was 12 years younger than him. They were a whole generation apart.

When Catherine was younger, she used to call him "Uncle Raph". Raphael had been best friends with her father, Baxter Somerset. Hence, both families had very close ties. He had practically watched her grow up.

To the rest of the city, Raphael was a powerful, influential man. But to Catherine, he was simply Uncle Raph. She had been very dependent on him from a young age. At the same time, Raphael had spoiled her silly.

He had stayed by her bedside for two whole days and nights when she had a fever, waiting patiently for her to wake up. Whenever she cried, he bought every strawberry cake in the city to cheer her up.
He had even left his work aside during her summer vacation to take her skiing in Svetziland.

As Catherine grew older, her feelings toward Raphael began to change. At some point, she stopped calling him Uncle Raph and started addressing him by his first name.

At first, Raphael wasn't used to it. Eventually, he gave in to her whims, as he always had.

Six months ago, Catherine confessed her true feelings—she had boldly professed her love for him.

The outcome had been absolutely disastrous.

Catherine could still remember that night vividly. On the deck of a yacht, she stood in a dress she'd picked out specifically while holding a love letter in her hands. Her face was flushed with nervousness as she boldly confessed to him that she liked him.

That was the first time Raphael had shown her such a stern expression. "Do you think I could ever be interested in a little girl, Catherine?"

Catherine's rosy cheeks blanched in an instant. His rejection was cold and final.

After that night, he began arranging one blind date after another for her as if to put an end to her foolish hopes.

In the present time, as their eyes met again, Raphael said calmly, "Tell me what kind of man you like, and I'll find one that meets your standards."

Catherine hated him for acting this way. If he didn't care about her, why had he spoiled her all those years? He was known to be a distant and indifferent man. If he didn't care, why had he just gotten into a fight for her in public?

But if he really did care, why was he so determined to push her toward someone else?

Catherine's eyes further reddened at the thought of this. Just as she was about to speak, Raphael's phone rang.

He answered it right away.

The car was quiet, and the voice on the other end of the line was audible—it was a woman's voice.

Catherine's heart constricted, and she glanced at Raphael, only to see a rare softness in his usually cool expression.

A few seconds later, Raphael hung up and said, "You should head home on your own. I have something to take care of."

If Catherine hadn't misheard, she thought she caught the word "date" just now.

With her hands clenched tightly into fists, she couldn't help but ask, "Who was that?"

Raphael looked at her quietly for a moment before slowly uttering, "My girlfriend."

