---
layout: novel
titleO: "Turning Wife into Mistress"
title: "Turning Wife into Mistress"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 377
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-08 15:03:57"
rating: 4.4
rating_count: 18
---

It was late at night.

Cynthia looked at the table serving the food that had been heated multiple times. Then, she threw a glance at the clock on the wall and sighed.

It's already early morning. He probably wouldn't come back.

She got up from the chair and was about to put away the cutlery and plates when the door was kicked open with a loud bang. Gray walked in, with his face seemingly intoxicated by alcohol.

A fit of joy rushed into the bottom of her heart. She came up to him and beamed at him. "Gray, you haven't eaten yet, have you? I'll make you a hot meal."

Soon afterward, she sends cold dishes on the table into the kitchen.

"Cynthia, it's been three years of disguising yourself like this. haven't you gotten enough of it?" Gray's cold voice crept over behind her like a ghost's.

Cynthia paused on her way towards the kitchen. her fingers holding the plates were clenched tightly. But when she turned back, she met Gray's cold eyes.

The mockery and disgust in his eyes made Cynthia's heart tremble.

Does he hate her that much?

Gray's handsome face was as cold as Shura in hell. "Don't you feel sick?" he grinned.

"What do you mean?" Cynthia was puzzled, with her tone a little lonely.

"You don't know what I mean?" Gray sneered, while his eyes got even colder. "You once tried so hard to get onto my bed and married a super-rich. you were obviously a vain woman at that time. But now you pretend to be affectionate in front of me. Isn't that disgusting?"

After saying these words, he didn't want to look at her again, so he turned around and went upstairs.

Watching blankly his back as he went upstairs, Cynthia felt upset, and her eyes slowly turned red.

Over three years of marriage, which equaled more than a thousand days and nights, she had been waiting for him to come back home every day. She even hadn't seen him at all sometimes.

He never looked at her directly. On the contrary, he hated her to the extreme.

Well, in his eyes, she was just a bitch who seduced the husband of her bosom friend and would spare no effort to marry into a wealthy family.

How could she expect him to treat her kindly?

Her love for him was just an eyesore.

Cynthia cleared off the tablewares and put dishes that hadn't been eaten into the refrigerator. During the process, she struggled to hold back the tears in her eyes,

After cleaning up, she pulled herself through the sorrow and went upstairs.

The door of the master bedroom was left open. Cynthia could clearly see Gray reading under the warm yellow light through the crack of the door. The light was cast upon his face, adding a little softness. He was young, genteel, and attractive as ever.

As if there was telepathy, he shot his sharp eyes toward her.

Cynthia's heart twitched, and she raised her eyebrows to cover the emotions in her eyes. Under that cold, oppressive gaze, she pushed open the bedroom door.

He had never touched her over the three years of marriage, so how could he be willing to share the bed with her? Cynthia still had self-knowledge in her mind.

She wanted to go to the guest bedroom with her pajamas, but she hadn't found them in the closet, and finally, her eyes fell on the bed.

The pajamas were on the bedside table, and Gray was just leaning beside there.

Secretly clenching her hands, she bravely ventured to him.

However, as soon as her hand touches the silky cloth, Gray turned over and pressed her under his body.

Gray's masculinity instantly wrapped her tightly, and the chilling vibe around him made her back shiver.

He pinched her chin with his fingers, forcing her to raise her eyes to look at him, and his voice was so cold that it could turn the air nearby into ice: "Cynthia, what do you mean?"

He squeezed so hard that Cynthia's tears of pain rolled in her eyes. She tried her best to make her voice sound calm, "You don't want to sleep with me, do you?"

"Ah, you were pretty good at disguising yourself. Don't think I don't know that you have called my mother and taken advantage of her kindness to force me back."

"Cynthia, you really make a good plan!" Gray's stern eyes were full of mockery.

Cynthia struggled her way out of his grip, "No, I haven't..."

Her eyes were swollen, and she tried to hold back her tears. Gray became inexplicably upset. He pressed her limbs tightly, and smiled coldly, "You have tried so hard to get me to have sex with you. Now that you were so eager to get me, then I will satisfy you now!"

Gray kissed her fiercely, and the violent kisses fell on her lips in a row. He bit her lips like a beast, thrusted his long tongue to open her teeth, and wrapped it together with her tongue.

All of Cynthia's attempts to retreat failed under the brutal attack in her mouth.

Soon, the smell of blood filled each other's mouth.

He sucked her lips violently like a bloodthirsty beast. His big hand found the zipper on her back at his first attempt, yanked it suddenly, and then pulled her dress up like a rag. The broken dress drifted down on the ground.

Her pupils shrank, her body struggling desperately.

Gray's cold voice fell into her ear, "Don't make believe you are naive. This is what you've been waiting for, isn't it?"

As soon as he finished speaking, he turned her body over, forcing her to turn her back towards him, and bent her body into a bow shape.

Then he yanked her panties with force and pushed his hot hard thing inside her.

"Don't..." She trembled slightly, struggling hard. Her voice carried a hint of crying.

She didn't want to be treated so humiliatingly like this...

He snorted coldly and ran inside her body without any foreplay.

That night, she had been forcibly assaulted by him in various humiliating postures. She kept passing out and was woken up by the severe pain under his body. Despite crying hoarsely she didn't obtain any pity from a man.

In the end, she was exhausted by his torture and passed out completely.

But he continued...


