---
layout: novel
titleO: "The Vampire Princess"
title: "The Vampire Princess"
author: ""
featured: true
views: 124
cover_image: "/images/webfic.jpeg"
genre: "Realistic"
last_updated: "2026-01-08 15:03:57"
rating: 4
rating_count: 120
---


------
Prologue


He Is a Wolf!
An Alpha Male 

Damien had been told he would find his mate right after he's eighteen.
But what Damien didn't know is that his mate would be for a fact a human!
An Alpha needs a Luna....
But will this human reject him after finding out who he really was?

               

    

------------

 
  Mara Pov 


   I am that girl who burry her head in books all day, a girl that is even afraid to speak in public, a girl who always shy away from many things plus my head is always down when I walk. It just me.


“Hey nerd” Someone laugh beside me pushing me out of the way, my books fell I bent down to pick it up then walk back to class, took my seat in the back of the class and wait up for the teacher.


While waiting I went into my own little world, where my mom was still alive and when my dad still loves me…you might be wondering what I was talking about but I don’t want to think about it.


As long as I have my granny I’m fine, everyone was suddenly whispering, I look up and catch sight of a figure beside the teacher, okay there was something about him I can’t seems put my finger on, he got this strange aura around him, making me on edge.


Those green eyes were staring around and it landed on me, I felt a jolt of course maybe more like a pull and this made me gasp!


What the hell is happening here?

   Damien Pov 


 Walking down the hall of his new school, Demain could hear a faint smell of roses and apple but where was it coming from?


My wolf was on edge threatening to come out anytime soon and search for this unknown smell but I had to block it out.


“Hi guys! Meet our new student Damien Thurston” The Teacher introduces trying to caught everyone’s attention.


Then the scent came again!


Stronger this time and my eyes darted around the whole class to be brought abruptly short by the girl sitting in the back roll.


Our eyes met causing the girl to gasp for an unknown reason best known to me.


“Mate!” My wolf growled.


“Mine!” Follow by my own growl causing the whole class to raise their eyebrows at me!


“Excuse me” The teacher asks staring at me confuse, shit! I don’t want to scare everyone.


I quickly fake a cough “Uhm sorry…. have a sore throat” I lied.


My eyes were still on my mate I can’t believe she’s human, why would the moon goddesses’ pair me with a human being? But my wolf doesn’t care he whines and jump to be closer to his mate…her sent was driving me mad I think am falling in love with her thanks to the mate bond.


I glare at all the boys staring at her, I couldn’t see her face because her head was bent down, I could tell she was pretty seeing all the stares she’s earning from the boys.


Alphas are naturally possessive of their mate and I think it got to me quickly.


While staring at her my leg hit her table making me to groan okay being so near her was driving my wolf crazy, I think I should get away from her.


“Are you okay” She ask softly looking at me with her blue eyes…I was right she’s very beautiful.


“Uhm yes”


She looks like she wanted to say something else but press her hand over her mouth then blush awwwn so cute then look down.


I quickly walk away before my wolf jumped out.


“Coward” Damon taunted in my head, of course that my wolf.


“Says a prevent” I taunted back in my head.


“But she’s mine and I want to mark her” He whines.

“Then yeah you will scare her away then she’d reject you before you even got the chance to say “mine” I reported.

“Suit yourself” He whines then block me out.

I look back at my beautiful mate, wow she was staring at me too as soon as I saw I was looking at her, she blushes and look down.

We won’t be able to stay away from each other…that I can promise.

 Mara Pov 

   Geez I only met this guy for today and he’s a complete stranger and yet I can’t keep my eyes off him and at the same time I wanted to be close to him!


This scares the day light out of me, I was glad when the first period was over hurry out of the class for being so clumsy, I fall on my ass.


“Does this have to happen now” I muttered trying to get up.


“Here let me help you” The green-eyed guy bent towards me stretching his hand towards me.


I blush deeply and take his hand but as soon as that happened, I felt a spark I quickly pull away from him shock written all over my face…he looks surprise or I thought.


“What…what…was that” I marble looking down at my hand wondering if I just got shocked from an electric.

“Forget it…I will help you up” He replied instead and help me up, I ended up falling on him.

There comes the electric shock again! But I couldn’t pull away from him, we both stare at each other I didn’t want to pull away…I just wanted to be closer.

Without being aware of my actions I lean closer to him, our lips almost touching.

What the hell?

I quickly pull back, blushed then ran out really embarrassed.




