---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 7"
novel_index: "/novels/549/"
chapter_number: 7
next_chapter: "/novels/549/8/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/549/6/"
---


After a busy half-day, we finally got to the main event.

Wyatt and I stood at the door of a private karaoke room.

He gave me a reassuring smile.

"They're all my friends inside. Don't be nervous."

He suddenly leaned close, whispering in my ear.

"If I win, don't you dare refuse my… request."

With that, Wyatt pushed open the door to the room.

Suddenly, I felt a strange anticipation for myself to lose.

What request would he make?

As I stepped into the room with Wyatt, under the dim lights, a dozen men and women turned to look at us.

It was my first time being the center of attention in such a setting, and I nervously clutched the hem of my dress.

The atmosphere froze for a second, then erupted into cheers.

"The sun must be rising from the west! Dr. Wyatt actually brought a girl to a party! And she's a beauty!"

Wyatt subtly held up one finger to me.

"Old Wyatt, where did you meet such a beautiful girl? You’re so lucky!"

Wyatt curved his lips into a smile, holding up two fingers.

"Hi, Future Sister-in-Law! You're so pretty!"

I quickly waved my hands. "We're… just friends."

Wyatt mouthed the words: "Three."

Besides Wyatt and me, there were eight other people in the room.

The bet was that if half the people complimented my looks, Wyatt would win.

It wasn't even half.

He was going to lose.

I knew it. Wyatt must have bad eyesight.

Those three who just complimented me must have just been being polite.

I lowered my head, feeling self-conscious.

I didn't see Wyatt's face suddenly darken.

A sophisticated-looking woman immediately pulled me to sit next to her.

"I love sitting with pretty girls! I'm Stella, what's your name, sweetie?"

"Hi, I'm Chloe."

Wyatt won.

He seemed to be in a great mood and picked a song.

"Hard to forget the first time I saw you, those captivating eyes, your image in my mind… I can't shake it…"

Did Wyatt have *no* flaws?

How could he even sing so beautifully?!

He looked deeply into my direction.

Was he looking at me?

