---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/271/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/271/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

"Dad, I was wrong! I want to divorce Blake!"

I knelt at the entrance of Sterling Industries, dragging Stella with me, drawing countless onlookers.

Thinking back to my past life, I must have been out of my mind!

For a total social climber, I cut ties with my billionaire father, clinging stubbornly to him, marrying into a village, living on scraps and barely scraping by.

And what did I get? He soared to success, then treated me like dirt, used me up, and then tossed me aside!

Not far off, several uniformed security guards pointed at us, their faces etched with disdain.

"Who are these hicks, daring to cause a scene at Sterling Industries? Security! Get them out of here!"

"Exactly, look at their clothes. They look like beggars. How dare they call themselves the boss's daughter?"

I took a deep breath, ignoring their harsh comments, my eyes fixed on the revolving door in front of me.

Oh, Dad, your daughter has finally seen the light!

Because what's better than love? Money, that's what!

"Stella, don't be scared, Mom's here!" I squeezed my daughter's tiny hand, giving her a reassuring look.

Stella nodded obediently. Though only four, she already showed signs of inheriting my and Dad's excellent genes. She'd grow into a stunning beauty, destined to be a heartbreaker.

In my previous life, this little beauty suffered far too much with me.

This time, I'd make sure she became the happiest little princess!

"Well, well, which heiress has fallen so low?"

A snide, syrupy voice drifted over. I looked up to see Marcus, Dad's Executive Assistant.

That man, relying on being Dad's confidant, always made sure to give me a hard time.

"Marcus, long time no see." I forced a smile, cursing inwardly: Just you wait, the moment I'm back on top, you'll be the first I fire!

"Heiress? Oh, I wouldn't dare." Marcus pursed his lips, looking me up and down with a disdainful gaze.

"Miss Sterling, the CEO said he doesn't have a daughter like you. Please stop disturbing him!"

"Shut up!" I cut Marcus off. "I'm here to admit my mistake! I promise, I'll listen to him from now on, no more being reckless!"

Marcus paused, seemingly surprised that I would be so meek and humble.

"Hmph, if only you'd thought of that sooner." He scoffed, his tone softening slightly. "Alright, I'll reluctantly go inform him for you, but I can't guarantee the CEO will see you."

With that, Marcus turned and walked into the revolving door.

A biting wind howled, making Stella and me shiver.

But this was my crucial step to changing my destiny!

Blake Sterling, Celeste, just you wait!

What's mine, I'll take back, one piece at a time!

What you owe me, I'll make you repay twofold!

