---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/271/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/271/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/271/2/"
---


"Everyone, look closely! This is a guarantee letter Blake Sterling personally wrote years ago, all here, in black and white!

If he denies it, I'll go to the media and publicly disgrace him!"

Inside the surveillance room, the butler's face changed drastically when he saw the contents of the guarantee letter.

He quickly ordered the guards, "Stay here. I'll go inform Mr. Sterling."

Sure enough, not long after.

Blake Sterling walked out of the villa, his face dark.

Behind him trailed Celeste, dressed in a Chanel suit.

The butler pointed at me and said to Blake:

"Mr. Sterling, it's this woman. She claims to be your ex-wife. I think she's crazy. Should I kick her out?"

Blake's eyes were dark and menacing as he stared at me. "Look up."

I curled my lips into a smile and slowly raised my head.

The moment he saw me, Blake's face went pale.

"Scarlett? Is that really you? How did you get here?"

He quickly walked up to me, lowering his voice.

"Didn't I make it clear on the phone? I've already called the police. This won't end well for you if you keep this up!"

Five years had passed, and Blake was even more mature, more charismatic.

He wore a tailored designer suit, exuding the aura of a successful man.

Stella and I, on the other hand, wore cheap clothes, looking utterly miserable.

"Blake Sterling, what did you promise me back then?

You said you'd be good to me forever, that you'd give me and Stella a happy life!

And now? You live in a mansion, drive fancy cars, yet you discard me and Stella like trash. Where's your conscience?"

Blake's face turned ashen, but a flicker of panic flashed in his eyes.

"Scarlett, it's not what you think. Please take Stella and leave. We can settle this privately."

As he spoke, he secretly slipped a check into my hand.

He gestured for me to take the money and leave, to stop making a scene.

I sneered, and in front of everyone, I tore the check into tiny pieces.

"Blake Sterling, do you think a few measly dollars can buy me off?

I'm telling you, no way! I came here today to reclaim everything that belongs to Stella and me!"

My voice was loud enough for everyone around to hear clearly, and Blake's face grew even uglier.

He gritted his teeth and threatened me:

"Scarlett, what exactly do you want? I said I'd compensate you. Can't you just calm down?"

I gave a cold smile, pulling Stella towards the villa entrance.

"My daughter hasn't had a decent meal in a long time. I'm afraid she can't wait."

"Mr. Sterling, why are you so reluctant to let your ex-wife in? Is there something you're trying to hide?"

