---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/344/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/344/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/344/1/"
---


Chloe walked over, instructing the staff, “He’s here for me. You can go.”

She approached me, her tone sharp with warning. “This is a reception for the Princess Royal of the East Coast elite. Don’t make a scene here!”

“No matter how much you adore me, you shouldn’t be here.”

“I’m going to make things perfectly clear to you today!”

She leaned into Julian’s embrace, her eyes overflowing with tender affection for him, but when she faced me, her voice was ice cold. 

“In this lifetime, I only love Julian. No matter what you do, I will never like you. Just give up!”

Julian’s face lit up with a smug grin. “Mr. Alex, I’ve seen desperate people, but I’ve never seen anyone as shameless as you.”

“If word of your behavior gets out, what woman would ever agree to marry you?”

He was practically oozing mockery. “Still, Chloe is so exceptional, I can understand why you can’t forget her. After all, she’s the heir to a huge conglomerate now, and there are always men trying to curry favor with her.”

He glanced at my rough linen clothes, his expression even more contemptuous. “You’re thirty years old and still so unkempt. What woman would ever look at you?”

With that, he took off the gold watch from his wrist and tossed it at me.

 “I’m a charitable man. Consider this watch my gift to you. Go buy some decent clothes.”

I glanced down at my clothes. I’d rushed out of the house and hadn't changed, but what I found comfortable and practical, they saw as a disgrace.

Seeing my silence, Chloe’s brow furrowed.

 She then pulled off the ruby pendant from her neck, her voice laced with impatience and warning. “And this pendant, it should be enough for you to live on. Just stop coming to find me.”

When I remained unmoved, her face instantly darkened, and her voice held a touch of anger. “Alex, what do you mean? You don’t want my things?”

What a joke. I was already married. I shouldn't accept anything from another woman, especially not jewelry.

 Besides, my wife was the Princess Royal of the East Coast elite. Taking these cheap trinkets from Chloe would be a direct slap in her face.

I said calmly, “Didn’t you say you didn’t want me to take your things anymore?”

Chloe’s face turned even colder. “You…” She pointed at me, but ultimately said nothing.

I politely refused. “I don’t need any of these.”

My refusal again made Chloe’s expression turn even worse. She gripped the pendant tightly in her hand, veins bulging. 

“If I wasn’t looking at you as an old university classmate, seeing you in such a pathetic state, do you think I’d bother with you?”

“Alright, alright, don’t get angry.” Julian wrapped an arm around her waist, gently comforting her. “Darling, you’re just too sentimental. Since Mr. Alex is so ungrateful, just let him figure things out for himself.”

“Look, Mr. Alex has a pretty face. I’m sure he’ll find a way to survive. We don’t need to worry about him.”

Every word Julian spoke was meant to imply I was a frivolous man. But I remembered all his disgraceful past actions perfectly well.

