---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/344/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/344/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/344/2/"
---


In my previous life, Chloe didn't marry Julian, not just because of family status, but because Julian used to be a kept man, supported by some rich socialite. 

Mr. Davies Sr. had declared that if Chloe insisted on marrying him, she would be stripped of her heir status and thrown out of the Davies family.

Chloe was willing to give up everything for Julian. Her mother became so ill with rage she had to be hospitalized.

 But Julian wasn't willing to live a life of poverty. He turned around and became the trophy husband of a wealthy foreign woman.

Chloe was consumed by grief and illness. If I hadn’t stayed by her side, caring for her and helping her through those painful days, she probably would have died. 

Afterwards, she developed a habit of heavy drinking at social events, and I would always be there to help her finish glass after glass of hard liquor, which eventually ruined my stomach. 

She loved skiing, so I’d accompany her, even if it meant tumbling down snowy slopes and injuring myself; I’d always insist on staying by her side.

Later, she said she was willing to marry me, swearing she would love me for a lifetime. I asked her if she still thought of Julian. After all, her home still contained all of Julian’s things, untouched. I’d seen her more than once, holed up in that room, drinking miserably.

She looked at me, her voice firm. “Now, my heart is only for you. You are the one I want to marry. From the moment Julian trampled on my true feelings, we had no relationship whatsoever.”

“I will love you well and stay by your side forever.”

I thought my sincerity had won Chloe’s true heart. 

But after six years together, not only did I give up my beloved design career, I became a house husband. Chloe even kept delaying our wedding.

I asked her repeatedly, only to be verbally abused by her mother, who claimed Chloe was at a critical stage in her career and that I wasn’t supporting her, constantly bringing up the wedding. 

Because of this, the entire East Coast elite circles laughed at me, saying I was nothing more than a glorified house husband in the Davies family.

I got angry again and again.

 Chloe, just to calm me down, agreed to get engaged first. But at our engagement party, I accidentally overheard her conversation with her mother. 

That’s when I realized she didn’t want to marry me at all. Even the wedding suit she’d had designed was custom-tailored to Julian’s exact measurements.

I had a huge fight with her. Right then, news broke that Julian had died in a car accident. Chloe stood there, stunned and silent, then eventually slit her wrists.

 Before dying, she calmly looked at me, weeping and kneeling before her.

 “From beginning to end, Julian was the only one in my heart. He was my truest love. Everything before was a lie.”

“If he’s gone, I won’t live either.”

Tears streamed down her face. “Julian, I’m coming to marry you now.”

In that moment, my heart turned to ash. 

So, when I was reborn back to the engagement party, and Chloe didn't show up, I wasn't surprised at all. 

Media headlines reported that she’d spent a billion dollars on a luxury yacht to marry Julian, their wedding becoming a top trending topic. And I simply turned and walked away.

I never thought I’d see her here, in this life. I was about to leave, but Julian still wanted to humiliate me further.

“Mr. Alex, if you really don’t want these designer things, how about you come work as a security guard at our company?”

“Our security guards get to see celebrities and important figures every day, it’s quite prestigious.”

“If you give up trying to seduce Chloe, I might even promote you to head of security.”

As soon as he finished speaking, people around him immediately chimed in.

“A security guard job at Davies Group is a great gig! Why aren’t you kneeling and thanking Mr. Julian?”

“Mr. Julian is truly benevolent. If anyone tried to seduce my wife, I’d tear them apart.”

Seeing their taunts and sneers, a flicker of anger flashed in my eyes. “I’m already married, and I have absolutely no inappropriate thoughts about Chloe.”

“Stop spreading fabricated rumors!”

Chloe scoffed. “Alex, do you think saying that will make me regret anything?”

“Using marriage to make me jealous? You’re not even worthy.”

After leaving Chloe, I went abroad. I met the Princess Royal of the East Coast elite while rescuing a stray cat. Over time, she fell for me. She pursued me for two years before I finally agreed to be with her.

After we married, I discovered she was the Princess Royal, a radiant beauty with countless admirers. But she earnestly and seriously told me that I was the only one she truly loved.

When our daughter, Lily, was born, Chloe almost had a difficult labor. 

She immediately called her lawyer on the spot to change all beneficiaries of her assets to my name. The entire East Coast elite circles gossiped that the Princess Royal was madly in love with her husband. 

But to reduce unnecessary disruptions, most people hadn’t actually met me.

Yet now Chloe thought I was using my marriage to make her jealous? She still believed I was in love with her. Since she didn’t believe me, I couldn’t be bothered to explain. After all, I had no one with me right now who could verify my identity.

My daughter, Lily, heard there was cake at the party and secretly snuck out. I was so worried I didn’t even change, just rushed out in my comfortable linen clothes to find her.

I tried to go around the crowd, but the previous waiter stopped me.

“His clothes… they look like a luxury haute couture piece.”

“Only two were ever released globally. One is owned by the British Royal Family, and the other belongs to the Princess Royal’s husband.”

“What audacity! How dare you steal something belonging to the Princess Royal’s husband!”


“These clothes are mine.”

Julian scoffed when he heard me. “How could *you* afford haute couture? You didn’t steal those clothes, did you, just to come here and try to win Chloe’s favor?”

Chloe looked at me, her face full of disdain. “Don’t dream! I only love Julian.”
