---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/301/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/301/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/301/1/"
---


I met Alex in college.

He was being beaten bloody on the rooftop by a group of arrogant rich kids from the city's elite circles.

Even covered in blood, he gritted his teeth, refusing to utter a single plea for mercy.

I thought he had backbone.

So I walked over and glared at them.

Meeting my gaze, those fearless, untouchable spoilt brats scattered like they’d seen a ghost, running away in a terrified frenzy.

Seeing them rush off, Alex unconsciously turned his gaze to me.

He struggled to his feet, enduring the pain to warn me, "Those guys aren't to be trifled with. You're a girl; you should stay away from the rooftop in the future. Don't let them target you."

Seeing him, beaten like that, still have the presence of mind to care about others, I couldn't help but smile.

"They wouldn't dare mess with me."

Alex looked at my plain clothes and scoffed. "Don't kid yourself. They're the city's elite, with powerful connections. Why would they be afraid of a little girl like you?"

"I don't look down on ordinary people, so you don't need to puff yourself up in front of me."

Watching him, I found it amusing, so I didn't explain further.

Later, I learned he came from a once-prominent but now struggling family, on the brink of bankruptcy. His father had been driven to suicide by debt.

He had gotten into a top-tier university in the city on his own merit, determined to revive his family.

Perhaps it was seeing too many idle, spendthrift second-generation heirs.

I was moved by his persistent and self-reliant spirit.

We started chatting frequently.

After getting to know him better, I discovered he was a very thoughtful and caring person.

He would patiently hand me a warm cup of ginger tea when I was writhing in pain from period cramps, drenched in cold sweat.

He would anxiously rack his brain to cheer me up when I was upset.

He would cover me with his jacket and carry me through flooded streets during sudden downpours.

Slowly, I fell in love with his sincere and pure heart.

He would always blush and say he just wanted to be good to me.

And so, we dated, married, and had a child.

Knowing he was proud and sensitive.

I always secretly supported him.

With my help, he revitalized the struggling Thorne Group, building him into the region's most powerful magnate.

But after his success, he rarely came home.

I asked him to spend more time with Leo, but the man who once said he wouldn't look down on ordinary people sneered at me,

"What do you know, being just a housewife? A man's priority is making money, not wasting time with you two! Do you really think you and Leo would have this luxurious life if I wasn't out there making it happen?"

His transformation gradually disillusioned me.

But I still felt grateful to him.

He had given me good genes, allowing me to give birth to a smart and excellent son.

I just wanted to stay by Leo's side and raise him to be a successful man.

So I compromised and tolerated everything.

I never imagined that my patience would lead to him getting his secretary pregnant behind my back.

And that it would ultimately cost our son his life.

Leo's death left me with nothing to hold onto in this family.

And my love for Alex.

It completely vanished.

