---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/46/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/46/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/46/2/"
---

I stopped my hand that was about to push open the door.

So Lucas and Wendy knew each other from before? They had even been together?

"With Ivy's personality, if I say we should break up, she'll leave immediately. She has no family left - where would she go without me? Don't get involved in this. Keep your mouth shut in front of Ivy, and I'll talk to Wendy myself..."

From Lucas's words, it seemed he wanted to discuss marriage with Wendy while keeping me in the dark?

Taking a deep breath, I withdrew my hand from the door and turned to leave.

Less than half an hour after I got home, Lucas returned too.

"Ivy, are you feeling unwell? Should we go to the hospital?"

His concern didn't seem fake. But that's exactly why I felt even more disgusted.

"I've already taken some medicine. Don't you remember? I know medicine myself."

After scrutinizing me for a while and seeing that I really didn't seem to be ill, Lucas breathed a sigh of relief.

"That's good. By the way, Adam said he's throwing a welcome party for his cousin tomorrow. Do you want to come with me?"

Closing my eyes briefly, I replied flatly:

"I won't go. I have an appointment for a house call tomorrow."

Lucas's attention was drawn to his phone again, and he just gave a distracted "Oh" after a while.

When I came back from using the bathroom in the middle of the night, I saw Lucas's phone screen lit up on his pillow.

Out of trust, I had never touched his privacy all these years.

I was just going to turn off the screen and put it back.

But the content that met my eyes made me hold my breath.

[I didn't expect Aunt to set us up on a blind date. Luke, I've missed you so much these past years.]

Looking at the time the message was sent, it must have been right before Lucas came back from the blind date and said Adam had invited us out.

Lucas hadn't replied to this message.

Next were messages from after Lucas and I arrived at the club.

[Luke, is this the girlfriend you've been with for many years? She looks okay, but seems so boring. What do you like about her?]

Lucas replied to this one quickly.

[Even though both families want us to get married now, I haven't broken up with Ivy yet. Watch what you say!]

It seemed to be after this message that Wendy came to sit next to me with her dog.

And the content of Lucas's next messages was even more beyond my imagination.

[You didn't drive? Wait, I'll have someone send you home.]

[Are you home yet? Reply! Don't make me worry!]

[It's not that I don't want to get back together with you, but my girlfriend is innocent. I don't want to hurt her.]

At this point, Wendy finally responded.

[You should know that in families like ours, marriage is rarely a matter of personal choice. But if you want to marry her, I'll give you my blessing. I can even put in a good word with your mom. I want you to be happy more than I want to marry you.]

It took Lucas a long time to reply:

[Everyone thinks Ivy and I are a good match, that we have a great relationship. But only I know that I've never forgotten you all these years. I'll talk to her. Wendy, from beginning to end, you're the only woman I've ever wanted to marry.]

This message was sent half an hour ago.

Because I had things on my mind, I hadn't been able to fall asleep.

But I knew that during that time, Lucas had placed a glass of warm water by my bedside.

Not only that, he had kissed my forehead and tucked me in.

How difficult it must be for him, to juggle between two women.

Afraid of another sleepless night, I alternately pressed the acupuncture points on my wrists.

Finally, I slept soundly through the night.