---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/503/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/503/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/503/1/"
---


Zane's words pierced my heart like a blade:

"Aria, after Ruby has the baby, I'll separate from her."

"It's the only way I can make amends to her."

Zane's gaze held a hint of uncertainty, as if testing my reaction.

But how could Zane not know that years ago, I had cut out half my own beast core to save him? For ten years since then, I too had been unable to take human form.

Who would repay the debt of my kindness?

The pain in my chest felt like it would split me open.

Zane's thumb brushed my cheek as he cradled my face like a precious treasure:

"...Aria, don't cry."

Oh, so I was crying?

"...Alright then. Go ahead and marry her."

I sighed softly.

Zane froze for a moment, a complex emotion flashing in his eyes - guilt, helplessness,

"Aria, this is Ruby's first time being a mother. You have more experience, so I was hoping you could give her some advice."

I had been a mother so many times, yet not a single one of my offspring had survived.

I closed my eyes briefly, only saying "Okay."

Ruby truly lived up to her fox heritage, naturally alluring and seductive.

She clung affectionately to Zane's arm, yet her eyes held an air of innocence, giving her a unique charm:

"Big sister Aria, you have so many nice things here!"

She liked this and wanted that, sweeping up all the items in the cave for herself.

All the precious herbs and beautiful furs I had prepared for the baby were claimed by her:

"Hehe, big sister Aria, it's not like you'll be using any of this stuff anyway, right? So why don't you just give it all to me?"

Ruby rummaged around, smiling sweetly as she spoke.

Lily couldn't stand it anymore. She started to speak up, but before she could say a word, Zane's iron-like tail slammed her against the wall. Blood immediately spurted from her mouth!

If I hadn't stopped him, Zane would have crushed Lily's beast core right then and there.

"Oh my," Ruby immediately put on an insincere smile:

"Big sister, don't be mad, I was just joking. Oh? What's this?"

Ruby pulled out a necklace inlaid with snake scales, her eyes lighting up.

"Big sister Aria, can I borrow this to wear for a bit?"

Years ago, before Zane became the Serpent King, his only wedding gift to me was a necklace made from the hardest scale on his body.

Now, even this one symbol of our love, Ruby wanted to take away.

I held the still-bleeding Lily, feeling cold all over, my nails digging into my palms.

But Zane's face was full of indulgence as he lightly tapped Ruby's nose:

"Of course. Whatever you want."

All the hurt and anger I had been holding back instantly evaporated.

Who could defy the Serpent King's beloved?

The tribespeople gathered at the cave entrance, whispering amongst themselves.

Their gazes toward me were full of sympathy and pity.

The wedding day arrived.

The tribe was decorated with lanterns and festive decorations. The ceremony was far grander than my wedding to Zane had been all those years ago.

Ruby wore a dazzling gown, the snake scale necklace glittering at her throat.

I turned away dejectedly, only wanting to leave this heartbreaking place.

Where I had planted the seed, tender shoots had emerged.

As if my lost child was greeting me.

I had just reached out my hand, not even touching the leaves, when a foot stomped down hard:

It was Zane's personal guard in his icy armor.

"Aria Winters, how dare you openly try to harm the Serpent Queen?!"

