---

layout: chapter

title: "Chapter 1"

novel_index: "/novels/14/"

chapter_number: 1

next_chapter: "/novels/14/2/"

previous_chapter: ""

---



My husband's mother had been out in the fields when she accidentally stepped on an old landmine from the battlefield.

The community police asked me to find my retired husband, who was a bomb disposal expert, to defuse it, but I shook my head and refused.

In my past life, I ran 6 miles to town to save her, dragging my husband, who was on a date with his first love, out of the restaurant, begging him to save her.

She was safely rescued, but his first love was dragged into an alley by her ex-husband and beaten to death.

My husband praised me for what I had done in front of others, but on the anniversary of his first love's death, he used the very landmine he had unearthed to blow me to pieces.

"Why wasn't it you who died? Go to hell and apologize to Sarah!"

This time, my husband finally had a pleasant dinner with his first love.

But when he learned what had happened at home, he was driven mad with regret.

*****

"Mia, don't come any closer, stay away from me!"

Hearing the familiar voice, I suddenly opened my eyes.

Standing before me, my husband's mother, Ella Clark, was crying but still insisted on pushing me away.

"I'm getting on in years, and I'm not as nimble as I used to be. If this landmine goes off, I don't want to drag any of you into it."

Upon hearing this, the police quickly pulled me back.

"Mia, isn't your husband a retired bomb disposal expert? Where is he? Get him here quickly!"

Hearing the repeated urgings, I tightly clenched my hands, barely holding back tears.

"He went to the town with Sarah. If I go get him, he probably won't come back..."

The neighbors who had followed the police came to a halt upon hearing this, all looking awkwardly at each other.

The affair between my husband, Samuel Clark, and Sarah Harris had already caused a huge scandal in town.

Today was our wedding anniversary, yet he took all the money from home, saying he needed to buy Sarah some skincare and take her to the fanciest restaurant for dinner.

The atmosphere around me was heavy. A young neighbor, seeing my troubled expression, sighed, "Mia, don't worry. We're quick. We'll find him and bring him back!

"Take care of his mother, and leave it to us!"

Without waiting for the police to speak, the group of neighbors dashed off. I lowered my gaze, finally accepting the truth of my rebirth.

Of course, Ella was aware of the disgraceful things her son had done and looked at me with a face full of worry.

"Mia, Samuel's actions are my fault. I didn't educate him properly. I'm so sorry for you.

"When he comes back, I'll make him sever all ties with that little slut!"

My throat tightened with sorrow, and I couldn't hold back the tears.

Even though Sarah had dumped Samuel twice, he still wanted to drag me down with her over a made-up accusation.

"How could such a man ever sever ties with Sarah?" I thought.

Just as we comforted and encouraged each other, the neighbors, covered in sweat, came running back.

Everyone's eyes turned toward them.

But behind them was nothing.

Samuel hadn't come.

Breathless and furious, the neighbors finally spoke up.

"Samuel seems to be out of his mind, shopping for skincare and clothes with that shameless Sarah at the mall!"

"We tried everything to get him to listen, but the bastard just wouldn't believe us!"

"Do you know what he said? He said we were sent by Mia to try to trick him into coming back, claiming Mia wanted to save money for herself and was lying to him!"

"How can there be such a son in the world? His mother stepped on a landmine, and even if he has doubts, he should come back immediately to check on her!"

"And that Sarah, what a piece of work! She had the nerve to make us out to be Mia's lovers with just a few words. It's maddening! How can someone be so shameless?"