---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/14/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/14/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/14/2/"
---

However, just like last time, they still hadn't brought Samuel back.
As soon as Ella saw me, her legs gave way, and she collapsed onto the ground.
"Mia, I'm so sorry. That ungrateful man, he has no humanity!"
Seeing Ella cry so uncontrollably, the neighbors couldn't hold back their anger.
"Samuel's gone mad! He doesn't even trust his own mother!"
Hearing their angry complaints, I barely pieced together what had happened in town earlier.
Apparently, after buying the skincare and clothes, they had gone to a restaurant.
As the neighbors arrived, they were feeding each other and exchanging sweet nothings.
Seeing Ella, Samuel immediately threw down his fork.
"Mom, can you stop following Mia's crazy antics? She sent someone to say you stepped on a landmine. If you really stepped on a landmine, how could you have walked all the way to town like this?
"I just wanted to have a meal with Sarah. Can't you leave me alone?"
Ella was furious. She flipped the table and tried to drag Samuel back.
Seeing Ella's expression, which seemed genuine, Samuel finally started to believe a little.
But just as he was about to leave, Sarah grabbed his other hand.
"I know Mia doesn't like me, can't stand how Samuel is always with me, but Mrs. Clark, you can't joke about things like this.
"The battlefield's been cleared so many times, how could there still be landmines?"
As a result, no matter how much Ella swore and pleaded, Samuel wouldn't believe her.
Ella, enraged, tried to strike Sarah, but Samuel blocked her and walked away without sparing her a glance.
Hearing this, the police's face turned pale.
At that moment, my hope was completely shattered.
Our village was remote, and only Samuel had the skills to defuse bombs.
If he didn't come, I had no way out.
I stood from dawn until dusk, and Ella fainted from crying several times, only to be forced back home by the neighbors to rest.
In the middle of the night, I could barely feel my legs anymore.
My body felt numb and heavy, and I knew I couldn't hold on any longer.
With tears in their eyes, the neighbors looked at me as I spoke in a hoarse voice, "Please, get me some paper. I want to write a farewell letter."
The police, fighting back tears, sent someone to get it, and my neighbors rushed off, also crying.
Just then, a row of torches suddenly lit up in the distance.
"Is this where the landmine was found? We're a trained team, and we've brought in a bomb disposal expert!"
Everyone rushed to greet them. I felt as though I had been given a second chance at life. My body went weak, and I nearly fell to the ground.
The neighbors, concerned for my safety, rushed up from either side to support me.
"Mia, hang in there. Who cares if that idiot Samuel won't come, there is someone here who will save you!"
"Mia, you're kind and beautiful. There's always a way out!"
They had spent the whole day with me, filled with worry and fear. There was finally hope. Their faces lit up with joy.
But as the team approached, everyone's smiles froze.
"Samuel?"
Samuel looked at me, equally surprised.
"Mia, have you lost your mind?
"You've made such a scene just to get me back, even bringing my leader into this mess!"
Beside him, Sarah, wearing new clothes, smiled provocatively.
"Mia, Samuel and I really don't have anything between us. Is this your way of getting the leader to punish him?
"You can't always be so reckless. Don't you care about your husband's future?"
As Samuel listened to Sarah, his face twisted in anger. He reached out and grabbed me.
After standing for an entire day and night, my body was completely exhausted. As Samuel suddenly grabbed me, I lost control and lurched forward.
The neighbors screamed in panic, and the community police rushed forward without hesitation.
At that moment, their movements seemed to slow down, and the last thing I saw was Samuel's expression of utter disgust.
In the final second, I closed my eyes, thinking, "We've lived two lifetimes as a married couple with hearts far apart. And today, we die together. Fate is a cruel thing."
Free Point