---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/224/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/224/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

I handed the divorce papers to Declan.  
He looked at them as if they were just another ordinary document on his desk.  
His eyes were cold and indifferent.  
His passion for me probably only existed during those endless nights.  
"Adeline, pick a better time to throw a tantrum. This is the office."  
He was sure I wouldn't go through with the divorce.  
Just another attempt to make him jealous.  
"I'm not causing a scene."  
I was made to wait in the reception room like a regular visitor for three hours,  
enduring the pitying looks from others.  
How is that causing a scene?  
"Miss Fiona doesn't have to wait even a minute to see Mr. Declan."  
"So the rumors about Mr. Declan hating his wife are true?"  
Yes, they are. Their Mr. Declan truly doesn't like his wife.  
The one he's always liked is Fiona.  
"Declan, I want a divorce, the sooner the better."  
"Adeline, what are you doing?"  
Only then did Declan lower his eyes to look at the papers.  
"Adeline, you only want this little money for a divorce?"  
Yes, when I accidentally got pregnant, he intended to use this money as compensation to keep me away.  
But I didn't leave.  
Because I am a character from another world.  
Having Finn and marrying him was a task assigned to me.  
No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't warm Declan's heart.  
We have no future.  
This money can be a belated compensation.  
Fifty million on the agreement is nothing to him.  
But to me, it's a fortune, enough for a happy life.  
Declan stood up, looking down at me.  
His expensive tailored suit made him look even taller and more imposing.  
He sneered again.  
"Just the money?"  
"Not even your beloved son?"  
I smiled faintly, "No, not even him."