---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/224/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/224/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/224/1/"
---

I used to love Finn very much.  
After all, he shares my blood.  
For five years, I devoted all my patience and love to every step of his growth.  
Maybe it's because of his association with Declan that he never had much affection for Finn.  
When Finn was born, Declan only looked at him once and said,  
"Looks a lot like Adeline."  
Then he handed Finn over to the nanny.  
But oddly enough, Finn adored Declan.  
He had a gift for languages.  
At just three, he could sternly say to me, "It's your fault dad doesn't come home."  
I thought it was just childish babble.  
When he was four, he met Fiona, who had returned from her divorce abroad, for the first time.  
He came home and told the nanny,  
"No wonder dad likes Aunt Fiona. I like her too."  
"Aunt Fiona is gentler and makes me happier than mom."  
It was just because I wouldn't let him eat too many sweets.  
He pouted angrily.  
I had just come out of the kitchen and heard his accusations.  
Suppressing my discomfort, I softly said, "Finn, I'll make it up to you with new candies."  
"Mom made them herself, a combination of pear and hawthorn, delicious and healthy."  
He grabbed the candy I made and threw it into the trash.  
Shouted, "I don't want your garbage. I want the fancy candies Aunt Fiona brought from Italy."  
"So what if I get cavities?"  
I stared at him blankly.  
My son, how much he resembles his father, both cold and unfeeling.  
Especially on his fifth birthday.  
Both father and son invited Fiona.  
As the candles were being lit, the system's long-absent voice suddenly echoed in my mind.  
"Host, it's been a while. I'm back."  
Though no one else could hear it, I instinctively stepped outside the hall.  
"Host, your task is complete. You have enough points to return."  
In the original world, I was in a coma due to an accident.  
I made a deal to complete the task to wake up.  
"You can choose to stay. After all, you have a family now."  
"In the original world, you're just alone."  
As I hesitated,  
Finn made the decision for me.  
I had just stepped back into the hall when I heard his birthday wish.  
Clear and loud, not even trying to avoid me.  
"Can dad and mom get a divorce? I want Aunt Fiona to be my mom."  
Everyone was taken aback.  
Declan just frowned slightly, "Make another wish."  
Fiona covered her mouth, laughing, "Oh, you can't say things like that, you cute kid."  
But her eyes couldn't hide the glee.  
I smiled a bit.  
Turned to the system and said, "Take me home. I don't want to wait another second."