---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/224/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/224/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/224/2/"
---

But the system hit me with unfortunate news.  
"Since the central system received too many requests to transfer, there's now a waiting period for leaving the system."  
I was stunned.  
The system cleared its throat, "Like your human divorce waiting period, you need to wait."  
"Wait for what...?" Damn it.  
I reminded myself to use polite language and asked restrainedly, "How long?"  
"Three years."  
"Three years?"  
"System, are you afraid the plans will wither?"  
The system paused, "Host, your insults are quite sophisticated."  
It fell silent for three seconds before saying,  
"As compensation for my long absence, I'll add a third more points for you to redeem a healthy body when you wake up from your coma."  
"Fine, then I'll get the divorce first."  
That's why I'm standing in Declan's office.  
"Declan, let's get a divorce."  
Declan lit a cigarette with a snap.  
He blew out a smoke ring, smiling arrogantly.  
"Adeline, did you forget?"  
"Who said five years ago that without Finn, she'd die?"  
That was me.  
That year, Declan had heard the news of Fiona's marriage abroad.  
He had tormented me all night.  
The next day, I developed a high fever and was alone in the house for three days.  
In my delirium, I forgot to take that kind of medicine.  
Later, I found out I was pregnant with Finn.  
When Declan found out, he initially coldly told me to abort Finn.  
I remembered the words, "Aborting now means task failure. You know the consequences."  
I could only beg Declan, "If the child is gone, I'll die."  
If I didn't plead, with his ruthless business style, he had plenty of ways to deal with me.  
Declan is harsh on everyone, including himself.  
His only weakness was Fiona, who had lived with him in the orphanage and saved him.  
Later, Fiona was adopted by a wealthy family.  
Declan, wild by nature, risked everything to rise from a petty hooligan to a business mogul, all to gain Fiona's adoptive parents' approval to marry her.  
But unfortunately, before he could give her the massive pink diamond,  
news came of Fiona's marriage.  
Much later, I found out,  
Declan proposed to me because of something Fiona said.  
"Declan, I'm married. I hope to hear your good news."