---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/224/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/224/5/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/224/3/"
---

I looked at Declan's handsome face.  
But I was thinking,  
I hope I never see him again.  
I said calmly, "Since both you and your son like Fiona,"  
"After the divorce, you can form a family. Everyone will be happy, won't they?"  
Declan squinted at me.  
One hand tilted my chin, his fingers long and even.  
He sneered, "Playing hard to get?"  
Then his smile vanished, and he said harshly, "You want to play? I'll play along."  
"Add a clause: after the divorce, without my consent, you're never allowed to see Finn again."  
Threatening me?  
In the past, that would have been a fatal blow.  
Because love makes you vulnerable.  
But now, I don't want to love anyone.  
So I have no weak spots.  
I replied calmly under his challenging gaze, "Fine."  
He paused, his eyes darkening.  
He grabbed a pen and quickly scribbled on the agreement.  
Then tossed a copy to me.  
I picked it up and turned to leave.  
Declan bit his back teeth.  
"Adeline, get out of the Declan house tonight."  
"Alright."  
My emotions now are terrifyingly steady.  
But then I paused, smiling as I asked him.  
"The divorce certificate isn't done yet, and you're kicking me out early?"  
"I won't leave for free. Please pay the alimony in advance, thank you."  
Declan's face showed a hint of anger.  
But from what I know about him, he's generous with money.  
Sure enough, I would receive that fifty million by tomorrow.  
Nice.