---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 5"
novel_index: "/novels/224/"
chapter_number: 5
next_chapter: "/novels/224/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/224/4/"
---

Watching Adeline walk out of the office without looking back,  
Declan felt an inexplicable irritation.  
Just then, Mr. Quinn walked in with some documents.  
He's been with Declan for many years, a trusted aide.  
"Boss, is Adeline really divorcing?"  
Amidst the smoke, Declan coldly said,  
"She's just making a fuss; she wouldn't dare."  
"She wouldn't leave Finn behind."  
Mr. Quinn chuckled, "True, Adeline loves you and the child so much. Maybe she's just in a mood, and a little coaxing will do."  
"No need to coax. From what I know of her, she'll be back begging for forgiveness within three months."  
Mr. Quinn smiled, left the contract, and walked out.  
Declan looked out from the thirtieth floor at the gradually lighting city below.  
He unexpectedly thought of the Adeline from years ago.  
The first time beneath him, she was tense and afraid, like a helpless little rabbit.  
Her eyes were red, her voice trembling.  
Saying things he couldn't understand.
"How could she leave Finn behind?"

Mr. Quinn chuckled, "True, Adeline loves you and the kid so much. Maybe she's just having a little tantrum. Declan, just coax her a bit, and it’ll be fine."

"No need to coax. Based on what I know about her, she'll come back within three months, asking for my forgiveness."

Mr. Quinn smiled, set down the contract, and walked out.

Declan gazed out from the thirtieth floor, watching the city lights flicker to life below.

For some reason, he thought of Adeline from years ago.

The first time with him, she was nervous and scared, like a helpless little rabbit.

Her eyes were red, and her voice trembled.

She even said things he couldn't quite grasp.

"Declan, I'm not just here to win you over. I truly like you."

"Otherwise, I wouldn't be doing this with you."

"Declan, be good to me in the future, okay?"

Declan bent down and silenced her with a kiss.

He also silenced her soft cries that night.

Over the years, Adeline had been obedient and compliant.

The one thing that angered him was her scheming, using the child to threaten him.

She absurdly said, "If the child is gone, the mission will fail, and I won’t exist anymore."

He had to punish her.

So for five years, he hadn’t been kind to her.

Anyway, she had nowhere to go and would stay with him until her last breath.

Her innocent pleas echoed in his mind again.

"Declan, I want a cute child, a family of three, living in a warm little home. Is that okay?"

"No."

He had no interest in having a family.

He never had one growing up.

Now that he had everything in his grasp, he needed it even less.

The day Adeline asked for a divorce, he inexplicably skipped a dinner party and returned home early.

"Where's Adeline?"

The Nanny whispered, "Madam moved out this afternoon."

Declan just felt more irritated inside, but he didn't show it.

He merely scoffed, "She's quite the actress."

Then he walked into the study and ignored it.

---

With the agreement in hand, I returned to The Declan Family's house.

I packed a few things and was ready to leave.

But Finn was sitting in the living room, playing on a tablet, with a candy in his mouth.

Colored wrappers were scattered all over the floor.

He glanced at me and said flatly, "Dad allowed me to eat this."

"Aunt Fiona gave it to me, don’t meddle."

I smiled, "I won’t meddle, you can eat a hundred if you want."

I squatted down and pinched his cheek.

"If anyone’s getting cavities, it’s you, not me."

"Finn, I'm leaving."

"Where to?"

"Making space for your new mom. I won’t be coming here anymore."

Finn frowned, his expression just like his father's.

"Mom, stop talking nonsense. Dad said you’re an orphan too. You’ve got nowhere to go except clinging to him."

"Mom, can you be more mature?"

"Aunt Fiona wouldn’t be as childish as you, running away at your age."

"Mom, just leave, I won’t miss you."

Then he lowered his head and continued playing his game.

In the past, I might gently take away his electronics.

Then tell him, "Mom will play LEGO with you, okay?"

"Mom will go swimming with you?"

"Mom will read picture books with you?"

I'd sacrifice a lot of my personal growth time to spend quality time with him.

Now, I don’t care. Whoever wants to manage can do it.

"Alright then, Finn, hope you can keep that tough attitude."

With that, I dragged my small suitcase and walked out the door of The Declan Family's house.

The sun shone warmly on me.

It stung my eyes slightly.

But the phrase "living towards the sun" surfaced in my mind.