---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/426/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/426/more/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

[Is this the lucky girl chosen by the male lead to be escorted home? She's so ordinary, I wouldn't even give her a second glance on the street.]

[Yeah, the male lead is handsome and rich. This plain girl got a free chance to be favored by him. Her ancestors must be burning incense in their graves.]

[Don't be jealous, you guys. The male lead is just a chivalrous knight protecting girls. He won't stop for any woman. He's the male lead for all women, destined to conquer them all.]

I quickly stopped my motion of walking out the door.

Calling harassment "chivalrous escorting"?

What nerve!

Escort me? He's not worthy!

Saying this, I called my three brothers.

Just as the call connected, a man suddenly rushed towards me.

"Hello, I'm Jack. I'm taking on a challenge to escort 100 girls home at night. You're the 20th one I've chosen. You're really, really lucky!"

His tone was upbeat, as if I had won a million-dollar prize.

But I remained vigilant, just lowering my head to quickly send my location to my older brothers on my phone.

Seemingly unsatisfied with my reaction, he brought his camera close to my face.

"Excuse me, miss, how do you feel about being chosen by me?"

As he spoke, he deliberately moved his face closer to mine, creating an intimate pose.

Because he was so close, I could smell the sickeningly sweet cologne on him.

I had been working overtime until dawn, my mind already foggy. Smelling this scent made me want to throw up even more.

Fighting the nausea in my stomach, I took a big step back:

"I don't need you to escort me home. My family is already on their way. Please leave immediately!"

I thought I had made myself clear enough and he would politely withdraw.

But he suddenly laughed,

And affectionately tapped my nose:

"It's already midnight. If someone was really coming to pick you up, they'd be here by now."

"Alright, I know you're just lying because you're shy. You're worried I might be a bad guy, but don't worry, I don't blame you. I'm really not a bad person. I just saw a girl hadn't gone home so late at night and was worried about your safety. I want to protect you and escort you home. Give me a chance, okay?"

"Don't worry, I'm just doing a challenge task. I'll be your escorting knight, letting you enjoy the most beautiful night. You should trust..."

Before I could answer, he suddenly grabbed my hand and tilted his head to act cute at me.

Feeling the heat from his arm, I felt nauseated and violently shook him off.

After shaking him off, I vigorously wiped my arm with a tissue, scrubbing so hard I almost broke the skin.

Jack's hand hung in mid-air, looking incredulous.

The floating comments exploded.

[No way, this plain girl actually rejected our handsome male lead? Has she looked in a mirror? Does she think she's qualified to be picky?]

[I don't think she's rejecting him. This girl is probably playing hard to get. She's doing this to make our male lead remember her. After all, the harder to get, the more memorable, right?]

[I think so too. Aren't all women like this? Saying no when they mean yes~]

Come to think of it, that makes sense.

He's the male lead in a harem novel. The author's setting is that he's practically irresistible to women.

Jack's face soured, but he quickly put on a gentle expression again and apologized to me:

"I'm sorry, I wasn't mindful of boundaries and scared you. But I really just want to escort you home and complete a challenge. Beautiful lady, can you please help me out?"

He rubbed his hands together and pleaded with me:

"Please, big sister, I promised my fans I'd do this challenge. Can you help me out~"

Goosebumps rose all over my body and I felt a chill.

"No, my brothers will be here soon. You should leave now."

"If you want to challenge escorting someone home, find someone else. I'm not available."

After saying this, I no longer looked at him and opened a match-3 game on my phone to pass the time.

Just as the "Unbelievable" sound effect played, Jack walked dejectedly towards the exit carrying his helmet.

Watching his retreating figure, I let out a long sigh of relief.

Thankfully, this area was covered by surveillance cameras.

He wasn't so depraved as to force me against my will.

I quickly exited the game and opened the chat with my brothers.

In the past when I worked late, they would always come pick me up.

Tonight I thought I was working until dawn, and didn't want to disturb their rest, so I specifically told them not to come and decided to take a cab home.

But because of this Jack guy challenging to escort strangers, I no longer dared to take a cab home alone.

After all, there was a 500-meter blind spot in the surveillance cameras from here to the street corner.

If something happened to me there, even the police wouldn't be able to find me.

The only reliable option was to wait for my brothers to pick me up under the surveillance cameras.

They would arrive in just 10 minutes.

But at that moment, Jack returned.

He was holding a bouquet of flowers, walking towards me with deep affection.

I was completely disgusted, not expecting him to still be so persistent.

"Didn't I tell you to leave? Why are you back!"

I grabbed the pepper spray from my bag and watched him warily.

If he made any inappropriate moves, I would definitely teach him a lesson.

But Jack just held the flowers out to me.

"Miss, this is my sincere gift. Please accept it. I'm sorry for bothering you so late at night. After you accept this, I'll leave right away."

His eyes were full of sincerity, as if he really was apologizing.

Thinking of those influencers I encountered on the street who wanted to do street photography with me, who were also this persistent but actually just doing their job,

I suddenly felt a bit softer.

Maybe I had thought too badly of him.

I hesitated for a moment, about to reach out and accept.

The floating comments appeared again.

[Brothers, here we go again, it's the male lead's shining moment. Every time he gives flowers, no girl can resist. Let's wait and see this girl eat her words.]

[Haha, soon she'll be desperately clinging to the male lead, wishing she could stick to him.]

[These materialistic women, they can't take their eyes off a bouquet of flowers. Women are just this cheap.]

My heart tightened and I held my breath, quickly retreating several big steps.

Only when I was over a meter away from him did I release my nose and let myself breathe.

No girl can resist when he gives flowers?

How could there be such an effective method?

My sixth sense reminded me of the news I had seen about drugs that would make people obedient just by smelling them.

"I don't need your flowers. Leave now!"

Jack's expression changed and he explained to me pitifully:

"What's wrong, sister? I'm just giving you flowers to apologize. Did you misunderstand something?"

"Is it that you don't like roses? Are you allergic to pollen? If you don't want the flowers that's fine, don't upset yourself. I'll leave the flowers here and go first."

The panic in his eyes wasn't fake.

For a moment I was dazed, wondering if I had overthought things.

But suddenly a wave of dizziness surged through my brain and I almost lost my balance.

Jack, who had just left, exclaimed:

"Miss, are you okay?"

He tried to come forward to support me. I gritted my teeth and scolded him:

"Get lost! Take your flowers and get lost!"

Not only did he not leave, he kept coming closer. I got anxious:

"I told you not to come near me. Can't you understand human language?"

"Do you want to wait for the police to come?"

I glared at him fiercely, holding up my phone with "911" dialed.

"Or do you want them to check what you sprayed on these flowers? What kind of unspeakable things are in there? Are you sure if this gets investigated, you can still be an influencer?"

At these words, Jack's eyes clearly panicked. He seemed not to expect that I would know about this.

Seeing his expression, I was certain my guess was correct.

I had originally just wanted to bluff him, but I didn't expect him to reveal his guilt.

This was the so-called male lead in the book?

Disgusting.

There were no girls willingly falling for him. They were all tricked by him.

He actually took advantage of girls' kindness, step by step achieving his goals.

The phone started ringing, and Jack's face changed.

I put the phone to my ear, glaring at him fiercely:

"Hello, I'd like to report a crime. Someone is..."

Seeing I was serious, Jack panicked and ran away clutching the flowers.

As soon as he left, I collapsed weakly against the chair back.

My head was dizzy and my whole body felt weak.

That drug was too strong. I had only smelled it a little but was still affected.

I looked at my phone that I had just turned off and smiled.

Thankfully, I had bluffed Jack before turning it off.

Otherwise it would have been dangerous.

I slapped my cheeks hard three times to keep myself alert.

Now, I either had to go back to the 25th floor office to charge my phone, or go to the security booth 500 meters away to use their phone.

After thinking it over, I decided to return to my company.

I was afraid Jack hadn't gone far and was lurking outside. Going to the security booth meant walking 500 meters.

I pinched my palm hard and slowly walked towards the lobby elevator.

Pressing the 25th floor button, I leaned against the door to rest as the elevator closed.

But just as the elevator was about to close, a large hand blocked the doors.

I suddenly opened my eyes.

Jack tilted his head, smiling sinisterly while holding the flowers:

"Sister, I thought about it. I still have to give you these flowers."

"Look at you, your phone is dead and you can't contact your family. How can you get home alone? I still need to escort you, that's the only safe way..."

I was thunderstruck, completely frozen.

I didn't expect he hadn't left and even knew my phone was dead.

Huge panic enveloped me.

In the enclosed space, the scent from the flowers grew stronger and stronger.

The dizziness in my brain intensified. My whole body was going weak. Jack's voice became distant.

"Sister, come with me. I know you're a good girl. You'll agree to come with me, right?"

He reached out his hand to me.

My remaining consciousness told me to refuse, but my hand raised uncontrollably.

Tears flowed from my eyes. My mind was becoming unclear.

Just as I was about to touch his hand, I bit down hard on my tongue.

The taste of blood filled my mouth, giving me a moment of clarity.

I grabbed the pepper spray from my bag and sprayed it in his eyes.

The spicy scent wafted out as Jack let out a heart-rending scream.

He had never expected me to defend myself, which allowed me to succeed.

I grabbed my bag and used all my strength to push past him and run away.

Just then a security guard was making his rounds. I quickly ran over to him.

"Help! Help! Someone is trying to kidnap me!"

The security guard was a man in his 40s. We had met before when he helped me receive packages.

Hearing what I said, he took out his phone to call the police for me.

"It's a misunderstanding, all a misunderstanding. Sir, she's my girlfriend. We just had an argument. This is just a lovers' quarrel. You should understand the situation clearly before calling the police. Otherwise it would be a false report and you'd be held responsible."

The security guard thought Jack had a point and hung up the phone.

But he still tried to probe Jack:

"You say you're this young lady's boyfriend. Tell me, what's her name? What does she do at the company? When's her birthday..."

Jack fell silent.

I felt a glimmer of hope.

"Sir, you see he can't answer. I have no relationship with him at all. I..."

"Her name is Olivia. She was born on April 20, 1997. She works in social media doing video editing. She's working so late tonight because her colleague called in sick today, so..."

He narrowed his eyes and recited all the details about me word for word.

He even knew the specifics of my work without any errors.

I felt like I had fallen into an ice pit.

How did he know all this?

After hearing these details, the doubt in the security guard's eyes faded considerably.

He rubbed his sleepy eyes and said with dissatisfaction:

"I really don't understand you young couples nowadays. Why come to an office building late at night for a date? Hurry home and don't hang around outside."

Hearing this, Jack nodded repeatedly and responded:

"You're right, sir. Sorry to disturb your work. If I hadn't gone to buy flowers, we wouldn't have delayed so long."

He deliberately held up the bouquet of roses.

The security guard, who had still been slightly suspicious, saw the flowers and patted Jack on the shoulder.

"You're quite the romantic young man. But in the future, think about the girl..."

Listening to these words, a wave of despair welled up inside me.

I wanted to run, but my body had no strength. What if I ran outside the surveillance area and got caught?

But now the security guard didn't believe me and wouldn't help me call the police. My phone was dead too.

Did I have no choice but to go with him?

No, absolutely not!

I took out a pen from my bag and held it to my throat.

"Sir, you know me. I'm begging you, please call the police. He's really not my boyfr-"

Before I could finish speaking, I fainted into Jack's arms.

He affectionately brushed the stray hairs from my forehead.

"Seriously, how old are you to still be so willful? Alright, alright, I'll order that bag you wanted later."

I wanted to speak, but my mouth wouldn't obey. I couldn't make a sound.

I could only see the floating comments surging in the sky.

[See, I told you this girl was just playing hard to get. What a gold digger...]

[Still pretending? She's already fallen into our handsome male lead's arms.]

[As expected of a harem novel's male lead. He's just so charming.]

Jack's tone grew even gentler. One arm around my waist, he waved goodbye to the security guard with the other:

"Sir, we'll be going now. Sorry for disturbing your work."

Watching the security guard's figure grow more distant, a wave of despair welled up inside me.

Tears flowed down like broken strings of pearls.

Jack leaned close to my ear and said ind in a voice only we could hear:

"It's useless, Miss Olivia. I already promised my fan I'd deliver you to his house. He paid me $20,000. I'm keeping that money, and I'm definitely his house delivering you."

I couldn't speak at all as he carried me to his motorcycle.

He picked up the helmet he had prepared for me.

Just then, familiar shouts came from up ahead.

My three brothers got out of a car.