---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 5"
novel_index: "/novels/383/"
chapter_number: 5
next_chapter: "/novels/383/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/383/4/"
---


Back home, I gave Chloe a warm bath.

Halfway through filling the tub, the lights and water stopped.

That’s when I remembered. Chloe had a fever last month, and we hadn’t been able to pay the water or electricity bill.

Chloe, ever so practical, cheerfully lathered herself with shower gel. “Mommy, this little bit of water is plenty!” she chirped. “Let’s not waste it!”

She looked utterly delighted, never once making me feel like I’d deprived her.

Thinking of Damien’s words, perhaps Chloe really would have a better life with him.

Perhaps Chloe didn't need a dad, but rather… money.

Besides, the money Seraphina and Stella were spending? Some of it was rightfully mine.

The thought solidified my resolve.

I quickly finished bathing Chloe and helped her into clean clothes.

Our landlady, Mrs. Gable, knocked on the door, bringing a small cake and a few candles.

She knew we were always struggling, yet she’d never been anything but kind, even when we fell behind on rent.

Chloe thanked Mrs. Gable, and I smiled with relief.

“Is your son a lawyer?”

Mrs. Gable nodded, her face etched with concern. “Did something happen?”

“Damien’s back. I need to file a lawsuit. I want him to pay child support.”

Mrs. Gable looked surprised, and then puzzled. “Your husband is back? Why hasn’t he taken you two in?”

I stayed silent, simply smiling.

Because he already had his own family, of course.

Chloe and I were just… redundant.

If that was the case, I wouldn’t cling to him.

But what was rightfully Chloe’s and mine, I would not let go of a single penny.

Mrs. Gable murmured, feeling for Chloe and me.

“You’re so beautiful, and Chloe is such a sweet girl. You’ve both been through so much because of him. How could he just… leave you like that?”

“Don’t worry, I’ll make sure my son does everything he can to help you.”

Once Mrs. Gable left, I closed the door and sent a text to Damien’s creditor.

**[Want your money? This month's payment. Meet at the entrance of The Grand Estates tomorrow. Someone will be waiting for you.]**

The creditor called, asking if Damien was back. I answered vaguely.

He cursed under his breath, then agreed to meet tomorrow.

I hung up, feeling satisfied, and saw Chloe’s face smeared with cake like a little kitten.

Looking at my daughter, my heart felt more at peace.

Damien, I’m sorry, but if you want your money, this is the only way.

This is what Chloe and I deserve. And you, too, should pay for your actions.