---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/232/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/232/more/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

My best friend, Bethany, she was like, a total man-magnet. Seriously, she could bat her eyelashes and steal any guy's heart. And she did. Eight times, to be exact. Eight times she swiped my boyfriend right out from under me.

This time, she set her sights on Ethan Blackwood, the CEO. And, of course, she snagged him.

Finally, while she was busy trying to conquer Ethan, I thought I could actually have a normal relationship with my boyfriend, Chris.

We were even planning our wedding!

But guess what? She did it again! Bethany stole Chris right before we were about to walk down the aisle.

And Ethan caught her.

Or, more accurately, Ethan and I caught them together.

We stood outside the door, listening to our significant others going at it like rabbits.

Ethan looked like he was about to explode. The great Ethan Blackwood, CEO extraordinaire, was officially wearing the cuckold crown.

I turned to him and said, "What do you say, Ethan? Want to get even? Maybe… with me?"

01

My so-called bestie, Bethany, was a total knockout. Heads turned wherever she went.

She was used to it, of course. I think she actually got bored of guys. Like they couldn't offer her a challenge anymore.

One day, we were coming back from a shopping trip.

We bumped into Ethan Blackwood. Total dreamboat.

He was like, six-foot-three, chiseled features, the whole package. Leaning against his fancy car outside a designer store, looking like he stepped out of a movie.

I don't know what came over me, but I said hi. And he actually nodded back!

That's when Bethany's eyes lit up. As soon as we got home, she wouldn't shut up about him.

"Why didn't you introduce me to him before?! He's totally my type!"

"I haven't seen a man like that in ages. The suit, the power… swoon!"

I was scrolling through my phone, trying to ignore her. "I didn't think he'd remember me."

"He was the hottest guy in school. A total catch. If you could land him, every girl would be green with envy."

"What makes you think he'd even give me the time of day?"

Bethany plopped down next to me on the sofa. "You were classmates! Didn't you ever have a little crush?"

I thought about it. "Well…"

I gave her a once-over, taking in her perfect curves. "A guy like that needs a girl like you. Back in school, I could have pulled out all the stops and he still wouldn't have noticed me."

"I'm just a regular girl. I can only dream about you high-quality humans hooking up."

Next to Bethany, I felt like chopped liver. And Ethan always seemed to be surrounded by women just like her.

My little speech seemed to do the trick.

She smirked, then started applying lipstick in the mirror. "He's just waiting for me to claim him. This is going to be a challenge."

I had no doubt she would succeed.

Bethany always got what she wanted.

I'd learned that over the past ten years.

With Bethany, there were only two kinds of men: the ones she wanted and the ones she didn't. And if she wanted them, they were hers.

Even if they were my boyfriends.

Bethany didn't even like my boyfriends!

But she'd give them that special look, and they'd fall head over heels.

Then, boom! Dumped and blocked within a week.

She'd say, "They were too easy! They weren't really in love with you. I was doing you a favor."

"If you weren't my best friend, I wouldn't even bother~!"

02

Bethany was the most decisive person I knew.

The next day, she dragged me along to find Ethan.

Ethan was still a single CEO with a tech company. He was surrounded by gold diggers and debutantes.

The other day, he was waiting outside the designer store for one of these sugar babies.

How did I know?

I'd been doing interviews with his company.

Their female employees were always dying to gossip about the young, rich CEO.

I was curious to see how Bethany would reel in this prize.

Finally, I got my chance.

Ethan's company was having a celebration party.

The PR team invited me, and I managed to snag a ticket for Bethany.

She showed up in a stunning black dress, turning every head in the room.

Bethany was always beautiful. But tonight, she was radiant. Every curve, every glance was mesmerizing.

The debutante in the little white dress next to Ethan suddenly looked plain.

Bethany walked right up to Ethan. "Hello."

Ethan seemed surprised, but he shook her hand.

Even a player like Ethan couldn't resist her charm.

My coworkers started whispering.

"Who's that? The CEO actually noticed her? Everyone else who's tried to hit on him has been shut down."

"I thought he was an ice king! This is totally shattering my image of him."

"Maybe that's the difference between us and her. She's even more beautiful than the actress we hired. It's not just her face, it's like this aura she has..."

"Beauty doesn't get you everything. She's after the CEO. No chance."

"But isn't the CEO practically engaged to that You family heiress? So what's this? Uh..."

...

When I looked again, Bethany and Ethan were deep in conversation.

The debutante was stomping her feet. "Who is that gold digger? She's practically begging for attention!"

03

Two weeks later, Bethany came home practically glowing.

I handed her a plate with two fried eggs. "Congrats."

Bethany was always counting calories. She usually complained about my cooking.

But tonight, she was in a good mood. She didn't complain.

But the hickeys on her neck made me cringe.

"I did it again."

I nodded. "I have something to tell you too."

I hesitated. "I have a boyfriend."

Bethany frowned. "Since when? We live together! And we're besties. How come you didn't tell me?"

"What? Are you worried I'll steal him?"

I waved my hands in protest. "No way."

Bethany rolled her eyes, nibbling on her eggs.

"Relax. I have Ethan. I'm not interested in anyone else for a while. He's the best I've seen in years~"

Bethany was so beautiful, I always felt overshadowed.

I didn't have any friends besides her.

She always bought me designer gifts when she got a boyfriend. And she never brought guys back to our place.

Since she was always swiping my boyfriends, I was able to get my doctorate without distraction.

But with this goddess around, I never dared to get a boyfriend.

Until I met Daniel.

He was a doctor at a hospital. Not super hot, but a good guy. Stable job, decent family. A good marriage prospect.

Most importantly, he was loyal, which was a plus.

I did my best to steer things along. We were having fun.

But I never introduced him to Bethany. None of my boyfriends were safe from her charms.

But now, I dared to.

With Ethan on the scene, would she even be interested in Daniel?

When Daniel came to pick me up, Bethany was painting her nails. She barely glanced at him.

After he left, she said, "You've finally got good taste! Way better than your last one. If I didn't have Ethan, I might have taken him for a ride."

I panicked. "Don't you like him too?"

Bethany didn't look up. "Don't be silly. A small-time doctor? Why would I choose him over a CEO?"

04

But I underestimated Bethany again.

I went back to Ethan's company to go over my draft. I was about to leave.

Ethan stopped me.

It was the first time he'd ever talked to me directly.

My heart pounded. It wasn't about work. The CEO wouldn't care about a nobody like me. It had to be about… Bethany.

Sure enough, Ethan pulled me aside. "Do you know what Bethany's been up to lately?"

I shook my head, trying to look innocent. "I don't know. She said she had a date with you. She left really early."

Ethan frowned. "She didn't have a date with me."

"Huh?"

Ethan's face turned cold. "So where did she go? You're her best friend. You must know. Take me to her."

I was confused. "Huh?"

Ethan gave me a calculating look. "I'll guarantee you an interview, not just with me, but with the CEOs of all the new tech companies in the city. How does that sound?"

I hesitated.

Ethan upped the ante.

"I'll guarantee they will be exclusive to you."

It was a great opportunity.

I looked at Ethan's face, as if making a decision.

He wanted to find out the truth about the green crown on his head.

"I think I heard her talking about M Hotel. She said the desserts were really good, and she brought some back. If I were to guess, she'd be there right now..."

Ethan's face darkened.

I knew it. He'd never taken her to M Hotel.

Someone else was enjoying Bethany's company.

And I knew who it was.
