---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/192/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/192/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

In the fifth year of my marriage to Nolan, he asked for a divorce for the twenty-second time.

It all began because today was our anniversary. We had planned to go out for French cuisine, and the reservation was set, but he didn't come home on time, so I drove to his office.

As I passed the coffee shop downstairs, I saw him standing with a girl.

The sight of her made my heart clench, and I struggled to breathe.

It was Eloise, his ex-girlfriend, with whom he had a stormy five-year relationship before they finally parted ways.

They stood at the bar, the girl in a stylish white outfit exuding a professional yet charming vibe. The man was in a suit. Their actions weren't overtly intimate, but the love in their eyes was unmistakable.

I took out my phone and opened my chat with Nolan. My last messages were still there, unanswered.

Every time I called, he was busy, busy spending time with someone else.

I walked into the coffee shop but couldn't bring myself to interrupt the lovely scene.

The gentle, affectionate smile on Nolan's face was something I'd never seen directed towards me.

Every time he came home, he wore a scowl, and I thought it was work stress. Turns out, he was unhappy because I wasn't the person he wanted to see.

After getting coffee, Nolan turned and saw me.

He was momentarily startled, then gently patted the girl's head, said something that made her pout, and she left.

Nolan got into the car, frowning again, "What are you doing here?"

I shrugged nonchalantly, "I came to pick you up from work. Didn't we agree to have French dinner tonight?"

"And, I remember you saying you wouldn't let Eloise join your maintenance team."

Nolan's frown deepened, "Phoebe, can you stop being so unreasonable?"

"Eloise graduated from a prestigious aviation university and worked in a top maintenance team in Malaysia for years. Her professional skills are outstanding. Do you know how many teams want her?"

"As a captain, choosing responsible crew members is about passenger safety. Why do you only think about romance? Maybe you're too bored as a housewife. If you can't stand it, find a job as a supermarket cashier."

He showed no restraint in his disdain.

I silently gripped the steering wheel. We didn't go for French dinner.

At home, Nolan locked himself in the study, unwilling to talk.

Usually, I'd try to make peace, or if I couldn't take it, we'd have a big fight, but he'd always remain indifferent, making me look foolish.

But this time, I acted as if nothing happened, quietly going about my business.

An hour later, Nolan suddenly opened the study door.

"Who are you sulking for?"

"Eloise passed the team interview. I'm not letting her go. If you care, we can just divorce."

He seemed sure I'd back down, speaking with authority.

"Anyway, you're just a housewife. Without me, you can't do anything..."

"Fine, let's divorce."

I cut him off. Nolan was stunned, "Phoebe, are you serious?"

After a couple of seconds, he laughed.

His smile was usually reassuring, but now it was laced with mockery, "Phoebe, I'm not joking."

"If we divorce, don't come crying back, saying you can't bear to part and only love me. It's pathetic."

Though this wasn't our first fight, hearing such hurtful words nearly shattered my composure.

I was used to his harsh words, but it still hurt.

I took a deep breath, "I've drafted the agreement. The car and house are yours, and I'll take the savings."

I placed the agreement in front of Nolan. His expression shifted from disdain to disbelief, but he soon took it blankly.

"Phoebe, once you sign this, there's no going back. No matter how much you beg, I won't look at you again. As a faded housewife, you'll struggle to find better. I suggest you think..."

I handed him the pen, "Stop wasting time. Sign it."

Nolan was stunned, grabbed the pen, and signed quickly to save face.

"Tomorrow at nine, don't disappear," he mocked.

I shook my head seriously, "I won't. I've already made the appointment."

That night, I moved my bedding to the living room, listening to the sounds of things being thrown in the bedroom, crying silently under the covers.

