---

layout: chapter

title: "Chapter 4"

novel_index: "/novels/32/"

chapter_number: 4

next_chapter: "/novels/32/more/"

previous_chapter: "/novels/32/3/"

---



Early the next morning, the apartment was decorated for a birthday party.

But the style was all girly, with a Frozen princess theme. The blue and white decorations were full of Jack's love for Olivia and her daughter.

The name on the backdrop wall was Lucas's, but I could see at a glance that it was wrong - "Gu Yangyang" instead of "Gu Yanyang".

"Do you like it? Lucas, this is what Daddy specially arranged for you. There will be many little friends coming to celebrate your birthday later!"

Jack smiled and pinched Lucas's cheek.

Lucas said he liked it, but secretly grabbed my hand and whispered, "Mommy, when are we leaving?"

Seeing the disappointment on the child's face, my heart felt like it was being cut by a knife.

This was even more painful than when I discovered Jack's betrayal.

Just as I was about to answer, the door suddenly opened.

Olivia and Lily came in with a group of children and parents, obviously Lily's classmates.

They greeted each other warmly, and Jack politely responded.

He and Olivia looked every bit like a married couple, and the whole birthday party turned into Lily's show.

I sat with Lucas in the corner, texting my mom to wait for us directly at the airport.

"Wait a bit, we'll leave after Lucas blows out the candles, okay?"

Today is Lucas's birthday, and I don't want to deny him even the chance to make a wish.

But as Lucas stood in front of the cake, he was forcefully pushed away by Lily:

"Who told you to stand here and blow out the candles!"

"Get away from here!"

Lily pushed hard, and I pulled Lucas away to dodge. She missed and fell to the ground, her foot catching on the table corner, overturning the entire dessert table.

Lily, covered in cake, cried and screamed. Olivia shrieked for Jack:

"Jack, Lily... she fainted!"

Hearing this, I immediately pulled Lucas towards the door.

But Jack grabbed us: "You can't leave!"

"Only he can cure Lily's illness!"

Jack picked up Lucas and rushed to the hospital with Olivia and Lily.

"Mommy! Mommy! I want Mommy!"

I chased after them closely, my heart shattering with Lucas's cries.

"Dr. Zhang! Arrange the bone marrow transplant immediately! My daughter is dying!"

The hospital seemed to be prepared. As soon as Jack appeared, everything was arranged.

I finally understood that the originally scheduled date for the guardianship change was the surgery date.

Lucas had been given a sedative and was already asleep.

"Jack, I beg you, don't hurt Lucas!" I knelt in front of Jack, grabbing his pants leg and pleading:

"I know you want to use Lucas to save her, but Lucas is a life too! He's our child!"

"Let's find another way, please?"

The immense fear made me incoherent. Jack looked down at me coldly:

"Emma, I have no other way!"

Jack's outright refusal left me completely desperate. I rushed to the operating room door trying to stop the doctor.

But Jack held me back, kicking me in the stomach several times.

As the operating room door closed, my breathing stopped.

"This surgery can't be done!"

Hurried footsteps echoed in the corridor, and a doctor wiping sweat opened the operating room door.

Jack looked bewildered and stepped forward to question: "I've paid all the money, why can't it be done?"

The doctor looked Jack up and down angrily and said, "Mr. Gu, is this your child? Non-guardians have no right to sign for surgery! Do you know this is illegal?"