---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/451/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/451/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/451/2/"
---


I shouted as I rushed through the crowd. The living room instantly fell silent, all eyes turning to me.

But it was too late. My father had just put down the cup when his face contorted in pain. He clutched his chest and collapsed to the ground.

The guests were terrified. Some of the more timid ladies even screamed.

I panicked and hurried to help my father sit up, but his whole body was limp. His throat was red and swollen, his face turning purple as he was about to suffocate.

"Liam! Call an ambulance quickly!" I frantically wiped the tears from my face, instinctively calling Liam's name in the chaos.

Then I turned to Tiana, who still hadn't put down the teapot, and snarled through gritted teeth: "You bitch! What poison did you put in my dad's cup? If anything happens to my father, I'll make sure you pay!"

Seeing me cursing at Tiana, Liam put down the phone he had just taken out and pulled her behind him protectively: "What nonsense are you spouting, Mia? Tiana saw your dad was thirsty and just poured him some water out of kindness. How dare you falsely accuse her like this?"

"Besides, the old man was fine just now. How do we know this isn't some act you and your dad cooked up to bully Tiana in front of everyone? The Zhou family is really going too far!"

"Apologize to Tiana right now and clear her name, or don't even think about going to the hospital!"

This was absolutely ridiculous. I was about to explode with anger!

My father's pulse was already very weak, his face turning blue. Every second of delay increased the danger. I suppressed my fury and fumbled to take out my phone to call 911 myself.

The surrounding guests also started criticizing Liam: "What kind of son-in-law are you? Your father-in-law is in this state and you're not rushing to save him!"

"Exactly! Something this serious happened and he's still siding with that woman to scold his own wife. Talk about having his priorities backwards!"

"The man is about to die. Can't you deal with other issues later? Get him to the hospital first!"

Faced with everyone's disapproval, Liam's expression grew increasingly unsightly. But he still maintained an all-knowing attitude: "Can't you all see? The old man is just putting on an act to help her. He's always been in good health. How could he faint from just drinking some water? He's clearly faking it!"

Tiana also defended herself pitifully: "Mrs. Zhou, I know you dislike me, but how can you mistreat your own father just to frame me? If you leave now and something happens at the hospital, I won't be able to clear my name."

"That's right," Liam chimed in. "Mia, tell your dad to stop acting. It's getting obvious."

My emotions had reached the breaking point. I was almost consumed by rage. With all my strength, I slapped Liam across the face, making him stagger back two steps.

"Liam, you beast! If I hadn't seen her slip in the poison with my own eyes, you would have let my dad die at your hands!"

"My dad's face is turning purple. Are you blind?!"

Hearing my hysterical outburst, Tiana showed no guilt at all. Instead, she looked smug.

Liam, after being berated by me, finally lost his temper: "Fine, Mia. You're still in denial..."

"Enough!" My eyes flashed with murderous intent as I furiously called the security to drag him away.

The ambulance arrived just in time. I quickly sent my father to the hospital:

"Liam, we're getting a divorce! If anything happens to my dad, I'll make you two scumbags pay with your lives!"