---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/130/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/130/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/130/1/"
---

As soon as we got home, Emma kicked the white cat's cage, sending it tumbling.

Watching the poor kitten struggle inside the cage, I couldn't help but feel sorry for it:

"If you don't like it, just return it to the shop. Why take your anger out on an innocent animal?"

Emma got even angrier hearing this. She grabbed the cage and stormed back to her room in a huff:

"Stop pretending to be a good person!"

I couldn't bear to see the white cat being abused, so I ended up making a little bed for it.

I also brought the black cat into my bedroom.

Its eyes sparkled with curiosity as it looked me up and down.

At first it was shy about letting me pet it, but after a while it started licking my hand affectionately.

I couldn't help but giggle at how cute it was.

As the SATs drew closer, even with the black cat's help, I didn't dare slack off.

I spent every day studying from dawn till dusk, trying to make the most of every minute.

In my past life, I had always been a top student. I thought getting into an Ivy League was practically guaranteed.

My teachers had even hinted that I might be the valedictorian of our school.

But after getting the black cat, my mental state took a sharp turn for the worse.

I fell asleep several times during exams. In the end, I bombed the SATs completely.

Meanwhile, Emma, who had absorbed all my good luck, saw her grades mysteriously skyrocket even though she still hung out with her delinquent friends all day.

I had thought she had finally buckled down and started studying. It wasn't until I was on my deathbed that I learned the truth.

Thinking about how all my hard work had ended up benefiting Emma made my blood boil with anger.

But what upset me even more was my mom's attitude.

She clearly knew Emma was responsible for my death.

Yet she still hastily buried me and moved the family to a new city with Emma.

She didn't even bother coming back to visit my grave on holidays.

I finally understood that there was no real love in this family.

Everyone had just been using me.

Emma still disliked the white cat, but at this point it was too late to change anything.

Plus, my temper had become unpredictable lately.

The moment she tried to bully me, I would slam my hand on the table and threaten to fight her.

She didn't dare try to steal the cat back.

At dinner, she viciously stabbed at the food in her bowl:

"Some people are just born losers. Even with a lucky charm to help, they still can't get into a good school."

I barely glanced up at her: "Eating dinner and giving a self-introduction at the same time? How efficient."

"You-!" She was so angry her face turned the color of a pig's liver.

She slammed her bowl and chopsticks onto the table with a crash.

"What about me? At least I'm better than someone who can't even fill out their exam registration correctly. Why are you even taking the SATs? Just to donate the registration fee to the government?"

"Enough! We're eating dinner, stop arguing! If you keep this up, you can both get out!" Mom suddenly slammed her hand on the table.

That finally put an end to the squabble.

I smirked coldly.

Mom was always like this. She'd pretend not to see when Emma mocked me.

But the moment I fought back even a little, she'd jump out and play peacemaker.

Late that night as I was reviewing the day's practice questions, my bedroom door was suddenly pushed open.

Emma leaned against the doorframe, her face dark:

"Sis, how come your black cat does nothing but eat and sleep all day? You sure it's not just stupid? Better hope it doesn't end up having side effects instead of helping you."

The black cat had been sleeping in its bed, but hearing Emma insult it, it suddenly leapt out.

It extended its claws and viciously scratched Emma's wrist.

"Ahh!!" Emma screamed and stumbled backwards. Her arm was already streaked with blood.

Blood dripped onto the floor as she grimaced in pain:

"Just like its owner - an ungrateful little beast! Animals will always be animals!"

I gently stroked the black cat's head: "We don't bother with crazy people."

The cat rolled its eyes haughtily and curled up in my lap to continue sleeping.

In my past life, even though the black cat had been forced to obey Emma, their relationship had always been a bit strange.

If Emma hadn't been afraid the cat would die if she threw it, the black cat probably wouldn't have listened to her at all.

Seeing how well the black cat and I got along, Emma gritted her teeth:

"As expected, lowly creatures of a feather flock together."

I rubbed my temples: "If you don't leave now, I promise you'll end up black and blue."

Remembering how I had beaten her up before, she got a bit scared.

Using the excuse of needing to treat her injured hand, she quickly left.

But before going, she couldn't help muttering under her breath:

"So what if it brings good luck? During the exam, my white cat can directly tell me which answers are right or wrong!"

Little did she know, a few days later in the mock exam, she would end up dead last in the entire school.