---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/217/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/217/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/217/1/"
---


After the surgery, I indeed bore the risk of the preservation plan and ended up paralyzed.

I sat in a wheelchair, my legs numb.

Declan knelt down, trying to comfort me.

“It’s my fault, Harper, I shouldn’t have hurt you after drinking that night…”

“Didn’t you always want to see the sea? Once you give birth, I’ll take you to Miami for a vacation. You must be good and have our children.”

He hugged me tightly.

Our chests pressed together, yet our heartbeats were out of sync.

He liked to pretend to be deep, and I didn’t bother to expose him.

For Phoebe, he could switch back and forth, to such an extent.

I looked at the wedding photo on the bedside, in the photo, we embraced tightly, looking like a real couple.

Declan kissed my lips, urging me to rest well.

After I closed my eyes, he took Phoebe’s photo into the bedroom.

Through the gap, I saw him pressing the girl’s photo against his burning desire, voice low and deep.

“Phoebe, I really miss you, but I can’t bear to touch you.”

“Phoebe, don’t mind what happened with Harper, she’s just like a freebie, offering herself, I don’t feel anything for her…”

“But Phoebe, you’re so cute and pure, the bright moon in my heart, I’m afraid of making you cry with just a kiss, I could never harm you.”

After he released his last bit of desire, he looked at the photo, speaking tenderly.

“Don’t worry, once I get the money and cure you, we can be together…”

Declan’s words felt like an invisible slap on my face.

I froze, my mind blank.

So, he gave me his body, but gave Phoebe his heart.

He could even harm me for Phoebe, ruin me.

He saw the girl as a distant, untouchable first love.

But what about me?

What am I?

My fists clenched and unclenched, my teeth grinding.

Whenever his desire flared up, I was tortured by him, night after night.

As my thoughts returned, my heart ached, I could barely breathe.

But I couldn’t let him succeed.

Taking advantage of his absence, I once again found someone to take me to the hospital.

This time, I finally managed to abort the four children.

When Declan found out I had aborted the kids, he rushed to the hospital like a madman.

He didn’t care about my weak body, lifting me up and gripping my neck viciously.

“Harper, how could you be so heartless? You harmed Phoebe, and now you even want to hurt our kids, you’re not human!”

“And what about you? Even now, you’re still trying to deceive me?”

I struggled to breathe as I spoke.

Upon hearing this, his face turned white and red.

He paused, then angrily retorted.

“Harper, what did I lie to you about?”

He furrowed his brows, his eyes reddened.

As if he was the biggest victim.

I scoffed coldly.

Staring at him intently.

“Declan, I know sign language.”

