---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/85/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/85/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

I checked my buzzing phone. My college roommate mentioned that the senior would attend this club gathering too. I’d heard about him before from my roommate. Everyone said he was not only handsome but had an amazing physique. Most importantly, he was exactly my type. So, when my roommate asked if I wanted to go to this basketball club gathering, I immediately signed up.

At the event, we sat in a booth at the bar for a bit. Suddenly, there was a commotion around us. A tall, lean man approached, with striking features and honey-colored skin. His captivating eyes made me feel an instant crush. Oh no, it's that feeling again.

He casually sat right next to me. He took a drink and chatted with his friends. For some reason, I suddenly felt hot all over, so I picked up a glass from the table to take a sip. It slipped and fell with a clatter. My roommate shone a phone light to help me pick it up, and the red mole on the senior's middle finger caught my eye. I quickly sat up straight, hoping he wouldn't recognize me. My roommate nudged my arm, sensing my stiffness.

"Wow, are you so stunned by a hottie that you can't move? Go for it!"

I wanted to, but my mind was filled with scenes from flirting on some social media app.

"Hey, your fingers are so long, they look really useful."

"Hey, I want to eat chocolate and slide down your abs."

In this urgent moment, if I didn't run, I thought I might be doomed today. Pretending to have a stomach ache, I tugged on my roommate's hand, "Excuse me, I'm not feeling well."

Asher noticed me, his eyes narrowed slightly, and he pulled out a painkiller and a thermos from behind.

"Here, drink this, and it'll stop hurting."

I looked at him skeptically. Could he really know I was on my period today?

Anyway, there's no way I'd admit defeat.

"I'll take this, and thank you another day."

Then, without looking back, I rushed out of the bar.

Had I known I'd run into him today, even eight horses couldn't drag me there!