---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/85/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/85/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/85/2/"
---

A phone rang, and I weighed my chances of escaping from this guy. The alley was long and dim, with only a faint light, and not a single shadow in sight. Suddenly, I felt terrified. If he decided to torment me here, I'd be utterly helpless.

Then, I felt a rough sensation on my collarbone. It tickled, and it turned out to be his hand roaming.

The words he traced were, "Baby, did you miss me?"

This was insane!

I cursed in my mind, realizing he was a hypocrite!

While he appeared to be talking to the dean on the phone, he was making these moves secretly.

I grabbed his mischievous hand and wrote a few words in his palm.

"I'm going to scream!"

He seemed shameless, not caring about others' opinions at all. Infuriated, I couldn't help but bite him. He gasped in surprise, and it felt great! If I didn't give him a piece of my mind, I wouldn't be Nora!

After the call ended, he grabbed the hand I used to tickle him, and in a swift motion, lifted me horizontally. I had no choice but to wrap my arms around his neck.

"Didn't expect you to be even more forward than last time, my sweetheart."

The overwhelming scent of him paralyzed me.

Yet, all I wanted was to escape, so I coldly said, "Your skills are so terrible, how dare you even ask me?"

"Since that's the case, shouldn't you practice more with me?"

Asher chuckled softly, "Practice makes perfect, you know."

Even without a mirror, I knew I was as red as a lobster.

Sensing my silence, he added, "Sweetheart, feel the key in my pocket."

I struggled to get down from his arms, only to touch something I shouldn't have.

He whispered teasingly in my ear, "So, want to practice unlocking with me?"

Before I could answer, a scream startled me.