---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/215/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/215/5/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/215/3/"
---


When the police handed me the farewell letter, I trembled as I took it.

On A4 paper, his familiar handwriting, though a bit messy, was filled with genuine and deep love from the depths of his heart.

But the person he expressed it to was not me.

It was Adeline.

She was a girl who got into our university through school sponsorship due to her poor family background.

In all the years I'd been with him, I'd never heard him mention her name.

Yet, it turned out she was the one he loved.

He had kept this love so carefully.

I couldn't hold on and collapsed onto the carpet.

The sudden shock caused a faint pain in my belly.

But in the next second, my gaze landed on the jar of Origami Cranes in the corner of the wardrobe, making my heart ache unbearably.

I hadn't forgotten when I accidentally saw him folding Origami Cranes in the study, and he scolded me for interrupting.

At the time, I thought he was embarrassed because I accidentally saw a secret gift he was preparing for me.

But I didn't realize this consideration was never meant for me.

With trembling hands, I took out the jar of Origami Cranes. Each one had a message.

"I love you, Adeline."

"I miss you too."

Asher's farewell letter was filled with this phrase.

He fell in love with Adeline's coolness at first sight.

And he regretted that their status differences kept them apart.

XIN.

It was Adeline.

Not Iris.

The one he couldn't forget was never me.

He admitted that the person he loved the most was Adeline.

And in the farewell letter, there was only one line about me.

"I regret marrying Iris."

