---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 6"
novel_index: "/novels/215/"
chapter_number: 6
next_chapter: "/novels/215/7/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/215/5/"
---


Standing at the door was Adeline, who was supposed to be abroad.

Her eyes were red, indicating she knew about Asher's suicide.

"Iris, if it weren't for you, he wouldn't have ended up like this today!"

Her face was pale, and when her gaze met mine, it turned hostile.

Adeline told me.

She was supposed to leave the country the day Asher died, but a few days before, she received a love letter from him.

The letter clearly expressed Asher's love and affection for her.

He even transferred a house to her name as a gesture of sincerity.

But when she realized all this and wanted to find him.

He had already chosen to end his life.

Separated by life and death, they could never meet again.

After saying this, seemingly unsatisfied, she rushed up and slapped me hard.

"It's because of you he died!"

"If you hadn't clung to him wanting to marry, he wouldn't have been so miserable!"

Caught off guard, the taste of blood filled my mouth, making me feel nauseous.

I couldn't hold back and vomited on the spot.

What made me feel sick was their so-called mental affair.

Adeline frowned slightly, contemplating for a moment before her gaze fell on my tightly covered belly.

She questioned me with a hint of suspicion.

"You're pregnant?"

After the nausea subsided, I slowly got up.

However, I didn't directly answer her but instead returned her slap.

She probably didn't expect me to fight back and looked at me in disbelief, holding her cheek.

As Asher's rightful wife, my pregnancy is perfectly normal.

But she, being someone Asher secretly admired for years without any results, how dare she openly challenge me—it's shameless.

"Besides, our marriage was consensual. If Asher didn't want it, I would never have forced him to spend his life with me."

"As things stand, all of this is his own choice. He wasted my feelings, my youth. Who are you to judge me?"

After hearing me, Adeline suddenly burst into laughter.

"Iris, if I had your status and position, do you think the title of Mrs. Jiang would still be yours?"

"He had no choice but to marry you because of your status. How could you be so stupid to think he willingly wanted to be with you?"

I was stunned.

My mind went blank.

Thoughts were racing, but I didn't know where to start sorting them.

Seeing me distracted, Adeline pulled out a prepared fruit knife from her pocket, viciously stabbing toward me.

"You ruined our happiness. You and your child should die!"

Blood gushed from my belly, and I felt myself gradually slipping into coldness.

I couldn't hold on any longer and fell to the ground.

Into darkness.

