---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/207/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/207/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/207/1/"
---


I returned to the country about three months ago. Just a month after returning, I got registered and married to Gideon. It wasn't a marriage alliance. Not only was I adopted by the Johnson family, but Gideon's mother also liked me a lot. She insisted Gideon marry me.

Almost no one in the company knows that Gideon and I are married because we keep work and personal life separate.

I went upstairs for the meeting. In the spacious and bright conference room, I stood in high heels at the front to present the risk assessment report. Sitting at the head of the table was that man, impeccably dressed in a suit, looking exceedingly handsome and dignified. His raised eyes exuded an aloof aura, making people hesitant to approach or offend him.

His gaze did not linger on me, as if we were unfamiliar and unacquainted. However, after work, in the Maybach driving out of the company's underground garage, Gideon and I sat together in the back seat.

Returning home, I didn't see Finn. I asked the butler, "Where's the kid?"

Gideon, handing his suit jacket to the butler, replied softly, "Mom took him to the family estate. He won't be back tonight."

Not coming back, huh.

In the bedroom late at night, I came out of the bathroom after a shower. Gideon's tall figure was leaning against the headboard. Unlike his impeccable image at the company, his hair was half-wet, one long leg slightly bent, in a lazy posture. He wore a dark, finely made set of loungewear, with the top button undone. The thin fabric outlined a mature and solid physique.

During the day, Gideon in a suit was so proper and abstinent that people dared not look at him for fear of desecration. It seemed that such a cold face could never be associated with desire. I used to think so too, but after two months of marriage, I realized Gideon had desires. He even usually took the lead.

Since we're married, we've done all we should. He glanced at me, placing the tablet he held between his slender fingers on the bedside table. On the bed, Gideon leaned over me. He didn't move at first but asked, "Has Mom been urging you to have a child recently?"

My silence was my default. Gideon directly said, "Your body, your choice. If you want to have one, I'm completely on board. If not, I'll refuse Mom and Dad."

We had never discussed such things so clearly before. A few years ago, I was young, and on weekends, when I returned to the Johnson family, he would ask if I was keeping up with my university courses. Suddenly, Gideon was asking if I wanted to have children with him. The leap was so big it made me uncomfortable. My cheeks heated up, thinking of Finn, so I refused: "I don't want to yet."

"Okay."

Gideon got up to get a condom. When he was particularly forceful, I tilted my head, biting my lip, but couldn't help softly calling out that familiar title: "Brother! Please, not anymore."

Gideon paused briefly. He was leaning down, his forehead pressing tightly against my sweat-dampened neck and shoulders, nibbling with his lips. He raised his head, came over to kiss my lips, his breath low as he murmured my name, "Nora," like it was being rolled and bitten in his mouth.

"Don't call me that. It makes me feel like I'm committing a crime."

Maybe because we talked about kids tonight, afterwards, as Gideon got up to tidy up, he said to me: "You don't have to put yourself in the role of a stepmother. If you don't like Finn or don't get along with him, don't force it."

I almost instinctively retorted, "I like Finn."

"Oh?" Even Gideon was surprised.

I opened my sleepy eyes, tentatively asking Gideon, "He's very cute. Maybe one day his mother will regret…"

"Her existence, to me, is just for giving Finn life."

Before I could finish, Gideon interrupted me. Even in the deep darkness, I could feel the oppressive and restless aura emanating from the man beside me. This was a rare emotion for the always calm and composed Gideon in my memory. Finn’s biological mother was his taboo.

"Plotting to have a child with me," Gideon slowly said, "No matter who she is, she should never appear before me again, never be found by me. Otherwise, even if she's alive, I'll make her wish she were dead."

