---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/327/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/327/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/327/1/"
---

I could no longer bear to hear the sounds of the couple's flirting and playing. So, it turns out he never touched me because I was a magical being. He found me disgusting. If that's the case, why didn't he just say so? No matter how painful it would be, I wouldn't have humiliated myself. I would have left. I wandered away in a daze, bumping into a maid. I looked up at the newcomer. It was Sophia's personal maid, who was also her good friend. She was holding a snow-white cat, with a haughty expression. When she saw it was me, she looked at me with disdain and sneered, "Oh, it's Miss Quinn. Sorry, I bumped into you." After saying that, she nodded perfunctorily at me. In the past, as Lucas's vice president, I had schemed for him and acted as his pawn to clear obstacles for him. Now that he was firmly seated in a high position, these two roles of mine were not of much use to him anymore. So he suggested removing my position, letting me stay by his side to bear children for him. Out of trust in him, I agreed. So, in the eyes of most people, I was just a nameless orphan girl of unknown origin. Except for my former subordinates, not many people respected me. Moreover, to satisfy his desire to be a father, I disregarded the reproductive barrier between humans and magical beings. I found a witch doctor and endured a year of soul-stripping pain, only succeeding today. Originally, I wanted to tell him this good news this morning. I was too emotionally confused to care about her rudeness. I tried to walk past her. But she didn't intend to let me go, blocking my path. She held up the cat in her hands and brought it close to my face, her eyes flashing with malice. "Don't go, Miss Fox. Look, this is the pet Mr. Lucas gave to our dear Sophia." "I specially brought it out for a walk today." I knew what she meant. She just wanted to show off Lucas's love for Sophia and make me see the situation clearly. This kind of inexplicable malice from humans is sometimes truly incomprehensible to magical beings. If I didn't go along with her, I was afraid she would pester me for a long time. I prepared to humor her and praise the cat a few times before leaving. Just as I was about to open my mouth to look at the cat, I froze.
