---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/327/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/327/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/327/2/"
---

The kitten opened its round, big eyes and affectionately reached out its chubby paw towards me. Perhaps it sensed that we were both feline creatures. The red silk ribbon fluttering around its neck caught all my attention. That ribbon was the one I had given to Lucas. A thousand years ago, Lucas's previous life, Luke, had saved me when I was on the verge of death, being hunted by spirit hunters. At that time, I was a little fox who had just started cultivating and couldn't transform into human form yet. And he was just a sickly scholar. Unlike the stories in novels where fox spirits repay kindness, I ended up causing his death. In my memory, the meandering blood flowed from under him, staining the blood-red ribbon. This ribbon, for me, was filled with warm and painful memories of the past, and also contained half of my soul. The scene of the couple's wanton mockery flashed through my mind again. My nails were almost embedded in my palms, but I felt nothing. He could use and humiliate me, he could marry someone else. But he actually casually gave away the ribbon I had cherished for a thousand years! He clearly knew what it meant to me! My eyes gradually became deep and dark, as if they could suck people into hell. The maid saw that I wasn't speaking and secretly felt proud. She said as if unintentionally, "This ribbon, Mr. Lucas used to wear it every day, but he gave it to Sophia as soon as she asked." "You can see that Sophia is not like some..." Before she could finish speaking, I calmly reached out my hand. Then. I grabbed her neck. Too noisy, I didn't like it. I casually picked her up by the collar, ignoring her struggles, and threw her into the pool like throwing away garbage. It didn't matter if someone discovered it, there were no cameras here anyway. The little cat in front of me seemed not to understand what had happened and came to my feet on all fours, rubbing against the hem of my skirt as if seeking attention. I looked at it for a moment, silently picked it up, and left.