---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/127/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/127/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

Adeline opened the private room door, and I wasn't surprised.

Ever since she returned to the country these past few months, we had met quite a few times. "Asher, haven't you had enough fun yet?"

Today, Adeline was clearly not in a friendly mood.

She toyed with her big, wavy hair, sitting directly across from us, her gaze mocking as it landed on me: "Dating a girl without means, is it really that fresh and interesting?"

The hand on my waist tightened slightly, and Asher's casual voice drifted over: "Fun? Our Sage is gentle and understanding, very likable. Unlike some people, always making a scene and being a nuisance." Adeline's face turned sour.

The atmosphere was tense. Eventually, their friends stepped in to ease the situation. "Okay, okay, it's my birthday today, give me some face.

Ash, have another drink." Asher didn't touch his glass, his slightly raised eyebrows glanced at me.

I belatedly realized, clinging to his arm, softly and sweetly pleaded: "Ash, don't drink too much, I don't like it when you drink too much alcohol."

"Sage, Ash is the heaviest drinker among us, don't mind him just drinking so much, this is just the beginning..." "Alright." With that one word, Adeline's expression became even more dramatic.

Asher smirked, his voice low: "Sorry, my Sage doesn't want me to drink too much.

I'm done for today, you guys have fun." Under everyone's surprised and astonished gaze, Asher took me home. As soon as we got through the door, he kissed me, tasting of alcohol. His lips and tongue coaxed mine, Asher murmured indistinctly: "Sage, you really are something."