---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/127/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/127/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/127/1/"
---

I am the most compliant girlfriend Asher has ever had. Initially, Asher chose me for that reason alone. Back then, Asher and Adeline had their biggest argument.

The childhood sweethearts had been bickering since high school.

Occasionally passing by their classroom, I could hear many rumors.

One day in college, I heard gossip that they finally broke the ice and got together. But the good times didn't last long. Adeline was spoiled from a young age, with a bad temper.

Small arguments every three days, big ones every five, were routine. Asher's patience and gentleness at the beginning eventually ran out when he discovered Adeline planned to secretly meet a foreign male friend online.

Later, his friends told me they almost trashed a bar that night.

In his anger, Asher made a harsh statement. "Adeline, if you want to make a scene, go ahead, but we're done. Without you, there are plenty of sweet and compliant girls waiting for me."

The next day, Asher stopped me on my way to the lab.

"You're Sage, right?" He looked at me, a hint of lingering animosity in his eyes: "Want to date? I'll pay you a hundred thousand a month." I stopped, a bit confused, looking at Asher. We didn't know each other, despite being in the same high school and then college, our only contact before was just once.

Plus, my reputation at school wasn't great. Picking up trash in high school, working every spare moment in college to earn money.

People called me impoverished, some even avoided sitting near me in class, covering their noses and gossiping.

I was soft-spoken and had no temper. It sounded nice to say compliant and understanding, but at the core, it was just being poor for so long that I lost a lot of things. "What?" I asked Asher uncertainly. His brow furrowed slightly: "I said, date me, you can name your price." Actually, I heard clearly. A hundred thousand a month to buy my practically worthless affection.

I didn't hesitate, even though I knew it might just be a prank by the rich kids to pass the time, I agreed without looking back. The fear of being poor far outweighed anything else.