---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/127/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/127/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/127/2/"
---

I had prepared myself to be played by Asher. Even his friends thought the same. They were waiting, waiting for Asher's passing whim to end, and for him to break up with me. But a month passed, three months passed, even half a year passed.

I was still by Asher's side. "Breathe, Sage." His lazy voice came to my ear. His warm hand slid down my waist, Asher frowned slightly: "Is that another one of your nine-dollar free shipping purchases?"

"…No."

My voice paused, unconsciously trembling: "This one is from you." During my time with Asher, in the eyes of this rich kid, all my clothes boiled down to one word.

Cheap. He couldn't even comprehend how clothes could be nine dollars with free shipping in this world. A rich kid surrounded by wealth wouldn't understand the struggles of ordinary people. "

Tsk." Asher sighed, then kissed my ear: "This outfit doesn't suit you, don't wear it next time." "Okay." I understood what Asher meant. No matter how good the clothes were, on me, they seemed like cheap goods.

I felt a bit exhausted. The money I intended to earn from Asher was about enough, I never planned to rely on him forever.

Now that I had a formal job, with more research projects ahead, I couldn't keep playing pretend with Asher like in college. So, I asked Asher if I could stay in the dorm.

Asher looked slightly surprised, disapprovingly at me: "Reason?" I couldn't very well say I didn't want to be a part of his and Adeline's play anymore. "Too much research, I can't keep up." Asher didn't ask further, considering it tacit approval.