---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/127/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/127/5/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/127/3/"
---

I was genuinely busy. Almost living in the lab. Until Asher's call came, I belatedly realized. His birthday was coming up. "Did you forget?" Asher's voice on the other end was a bit deep.

I didn't dare admit it, quickly covering: "No, just finishing up a bit, I'll be there soon." "I'm already outside your research institute." With that, Asher hung up. I hurriedly wrapped up with my senior, and as I left the lab, I felt a bit of low blood sugar.

Almost losing my balance, my senior steadied me: "Are you okay?" "I'm fine, thank you…" "Sage!" Asher's angry voice interrupted my conversation with my senior.

I was forcibly dragged into the car by Asher. The door locked, I was met with his cold, terrifyingly angry face: "No wonder you didn't want to live with me, you found someone new."

"No." I shook my head, softly explaining: "I haven't been eating well lately, just a bit of low blood sugar, my senior was just being kind helping me."

"Really?" Asher's face didn't look any better. Honestly, I didn't understand why Asher was angry. He didn't like me, if I had someone new, wouldn't he be happier to break up with me directly?

Or perhaps, his and Adeline's play wasn't over, and he wouldn't allow me to bow out early. Understanding his anger, I continued: "Really, Ash, don't be mad, there's nothing between my senior and me."

Asher's expression slightly softened, but he still bit into my neck, leaving a mark. It was so visible, even covered with foundation, it wasn't hidden.

By the time we arrived at the party, Asher had already dressed me up. There were many people, including Adeline.

"Wow, Ash, Sage looks really pretty today, you're so lucky." His friends generously praised me. Asher's mood evidently improved, holding my waist, he hummed lightly. "Our Sage, naturally the best looking." Not at all, earlier when picking an evening gown, his brow furrowed, carefully selecting one that matched my temperament.

I stayed silent, obediently smiling, quietly staying by Asher's side. Soon, Adeline couldn't sit still. She approached us in her heels, arrogantly handing over a gift box: "Asher, this is your birthday gift from me, carefully chosen, much better than some people's trash."