---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/170/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/170/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

My words shocked everyone.

They all stared at me in disbelief.

Declan's face turned beet red.

"Nora! Do you even know what you're saying?!"

"Letting you be the second wife is a favor!"

"Apologize to Beatrix right now, or don't even think about seeing me again!"

Declan roared, veins popping in his neck, like an angry lion.

But as I watched his hysterical display, I suddenly laughed.

Three years ago.

Declan was just a college student who had just moved to Manhattan.

At that time, the battle for Quinn Enterprises was in its final stages.

To ensure I wouldn't be eliminated early, I had to hide my ambitions and pretend to be a lovesick sycophant.

And Declan, new to society and clueless, became my perfect target.

Back then, he was a diligent young man, working late nights for corporate projects.

He would take a two-hour subway ride from South Brooklyn to North Bronx just to buy my favorite cake.

At that time, I even thought, if he was really that good, I would manage Quinn Enterprises with him once I gained control.

But I was too young to understand the concept of fearlessness.

In the second year of our relationship.

He became vain.

After learning about my monthly allowance of over a million dollars, he asked me to open a joint account for him.

Then he used my money to buy all sorts of luxury items.

He became a rising star in the Manhattan Elite Circle.

The object of countless women's admiration.

He began to drift.

Ultimately, he brought his childhood sweetheart from the countryside to the upper-class circles and moved her into my mansion.

I still remember the first time I met his childhood sweetheart.

"Beatrix will be living at my place from now on. It's better if you don't come around often."

I couldn't believe it.

But to maintain the persona, I endured.

Little did I know, my tolerance only emboldened him further.

I shook my head, dismissing those disgusting memories.

Looking at the two at the front, I waved my hand.

"A promise is a promise! Don't even think about going back on your word."