---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/384/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/384/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/384/1/"
---


Watching Ryan carefully lift Chloe and turn to leave, my tears finally burst forth, uncontrollable.

Ryan and I met in high school. Back then, he was the distinguished adopted son of the powerful Ryan family, and I was just an orphan with no parents.

He was the one who chose me, who pulled me out of the depths of despair.

Later, I became a scholarship student sponsored by the Ryan family, gaining the opportunity to attend a prestigious university. I no longer had to worry about money or struggle to survive.

Ryan and I naturally met, came to know each other, and fell in love. Everything felt so right.

Ryan introduced me to his family, and we ended our long courtship, preparing to walk down the aisle.

Just when I thought such a happy and peaceful life would continue forever, an accident shattered my utopian dream.

Ryan and I were out for a drive in the countryside when we got into a car accident. In that split second, he shielded me with his body. His eyes were severely injured and required a cornea transplant, but there was no compatible cornea to be found in such a short time.

So, I secretly donated my cornea to him.

Immediately after the surgery, my mother had an emergency. I rushed back to our old family home in the countryside, missing the day Ryan regained his sight, which gave Chloe the chance to falsely claim credit.

My mother, heartbroken that I would live in eternal darkness at such a young age, gave me her cornea on her deathbed.

When I regained my sight and stood before Ryan again, I discovered he already had Chloe by his side.

No matter how much I tried to explain, Ryan only believed Chloe's version of events, convinced that I had abandoned him and left, and now, seeing that he had survived, I had shamelessly returned to try and reclaim my status as a wealthy lady.

In truth, Chloe's acting was terrible. She constantly forgot her blind persona, and her façade would crack more times than I could count over the years. Yet, Ryan chose to ignore it all, indulging her every whim and showering her with boundless affection.

"Asher's flight lands at 3 PM the day after tomorrow. Go pick him up at the airport."

My phone screen lit up with a message from Ryan. I gave a bitter smile.

Ryan, I'm dying to know if you'll regret your decision today when the truth is finally revealed.

