---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/3/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "nextChapter"
previous_chapter: "/novels/3/2/"
---

The reason Lucas listens to me so obediently
is because I have something he desperately craves.
If he had looked through the internal reports from the bureau a few years ago, he would have found his name in the columns for drug enforcement commendation and injuries in the line of duty.
Lucas became addicted to drugs during his undercover period.
And after ending his undercover career, he developed paranoid personality disorder.
In other words, delusional disorder.
He categorized almost everyone around him as enemies, including me.
Including me, whom he once said he loved the most and would protect with his life.
The once gentle person was long gone, dragged into a hell of no return, looking at me with eyes as cold as a thousand-year-old cave.
The bedroom light was dim. I grabbed his collar, and though I had him pinned beneath me, his gaze remained calm.
Though addicted to drugs, he remained as pure as a high and mighty god.
Even a slight curl of his lips was pleasing to the eye.
I leaned down to kiss him, but with a deft move, he flipped me underneath him.
He felt around in the pocket on my chest for a while, found the syringe.
Skillfully, he injected it into his right arm.
...
This syringe, to him, was like a drug.
In fact, it wasn't. It was a mental medication containing sedatives, specially formulated for him.
Quitting drugs can't be done overnight; the dosage needs to be gradually reduced.
I suddenly understood why he hated me so much.
Because in his eyes,
I wasn't his closest lover.
I was someone who got him addicted to drugs,
and then hypocritically dangled a bit of drugs in front of him every day...
Just a bad person...