---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/438/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/438/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---


This was absolutely insane!

I was certain I had been on my way to the commencement ceremony when I got hit by a car. How did I wake up to this scenario where I was supposedly trying to divorce Aria by "risking my life"?

I was convinced that either I had gone mad, or Aria had.

"Wait a second!" I started, but before I could finish, a little girl suddenly appeared in the room, running straight into Aria's arms.

I was stunned. What an adorable child! I reached out with my uninjured hand, wanting to pinch her chubby cheeks, but she shyly hid in Aria's embrace.

"Hey sweetie, I'm sorry. You're just so cute, I couldn't help myself," I said, trying to sound friendly.

Aria looked at me disapprovingly, reminding me that I had called her to wait but hadn't explained why.

"Look, this might sound unbelievable, but I have no memory of what you're talking about. The last thing I remember is going to the commencement ceremony..."

Aria impatiently cut me off. "So, you're saying you have amnesia now?"

Amnesia? Yes, that must be it. It was the only explanation for why I had no recollection of all this.

I nodded vigorously and sincerely.

Aria's face remained icy as she pulled out a document from her bag and tossed it in front of me.

"This is the divorce agreement. All the terms are as you requested. If you have no objections, sign it quickly."

I opened my mouth to speak but couldn't find the words. The little girl in Aria's arms looked at me with a pout when she heard Aria mention divorce.

"Maybe we shouldn't discuss this in front of the child," I suggested. "It might not be good for her. Perhaps we could put this on hold for a while?"

Aria scoffed. "The child? Liam, you're really playing this amnesia act well. This is our daughter."

I hadn't even processed her first statement when she continued, "And when you were having dinner with another woman, did you consider whether that was good for our child's well-being?"

My mind went blank as I tried to absorb this information. Not only was I married, but I had a child too? And apparently, I had been unfaithful?

The little girl didn't even look at me, burying her face in Aria's neck.

It was too much information. My brain crashed like an overloaded computer.

0