---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/438/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/438/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/438/1/"
---


It took me an entire day to process the situation in my head.

It seemed I really did have amnesia.

I was still me, and Aria was still Aria.

The only difference was that we were married and had a baby.

But the divorce papers on the hospital bed silently conveyed another message: our marriage was clearly in trouble.

The problem seemed to be that I might have cheated? But how was that possible? Why would I cheat on someone as beautiful and intelligent as Aria?

Had I lost my mind?

Where did things go wrong? How could I regain my memories?

I scratched my head in frustration, feeling completely lost.

"Daddy."

I looked up at the sound of a soft knock. The door opened slightly, and the little girl's cute face peeked in shyly.

"Mommy said to remember to disinfect your hand. Here's the antiseptic. She said you should do it yourself."

Her tiny hands clutched a bottle of iodine solution.

I reached out to her, gesturing for her to come in.

"Daddy's hand hurts a bit. Can you bring it over for me?"

The little girl looked at me hesitantly but eventually nodded. She timidly ran to my side and placed the bottle on my bedside table.

I picked her up with my good arm and sat her on my lap, studying her features closely. She had my eyes - big, round, and bright. Her nose was like Aria's, high and straight. She had Aria's oval face shape too. She was absolutely beautiful.

This was my daughter with Aria.

I couldn't help myself. I hugged her close and planted a big kiss on her cheek. The little girl smelled like milk, and I found her utterly adorable.

When I looked up, I saw that her face had turned bright red.

She froze in my arms for a moment, then wrapped her little arms around my neck and hugged me tightly.

She whispered in my ear, "Daddy, you smell nice."

She was the sweetest thing in the world.

As I basked in the joy of being complimented by my baby, the door opened.

Aria's familiar figure appeared in the doorway and walked towards us.

"Mommy!" The little girl in my arms immediately ran to Aria, stretching out her arms to be picked up.

Aria had clearly just showered, wearing casual home clothes that made her look both sexy and relaxed.

Her hair fell naturally over her forehead, with droplets of water sliding down her neck into her collar.

I swallowed hard, feeling the allure of her beauty.

As she came closer, my heart began to race even faster.

However, Aria's words quickly doused my excitement.

"Mr. Liam, don't you think it's a bit late to start being nice to Coco now?"

"I'm not... I..." I wanted to explain, but one look at Aria's cold expression told me she wouldn't believe anything I said.

In the end, I chose to remain silent.

"Never mind. You can go about your business. I'm leaving," she said.

As I walked out of the study, Coco peeked out from Aria's neck and glanced at me. Seeing how close they were made my heart ache.

What good was having a wife and child if my wife wanted to divorce me and my child was closer to her mother?

I started to wonder why we had chosen to get married in the first place.

Outside on the balcony, a full moon hung high in the sky. The night breeze blew in, scattering my thoughts.

Everything else remained the same.

It seemed I was the only one who had changed.

0