---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/95/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/95/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/95/1/"
---

William's Blue Ocean Rescue Team is the city's most advanced rescue organization, receiving various emergency rescue missions every day.

But even with such tight equipment, there was always a fully fueled helicopter parked in the hangar.

That was prepared by William for his first love, Lucy.

In my previous life, when my daughter encountered danger during the summer camp, I called William, who was a rescue elite.

He said he was about to go on an urgent mission, but after my tearful begging, he finally personally led a team to search the sea.

And successfully found the wrecked ship.

But on his way back with our daughter by helicopter, the fire in Lucy's apartment got out of control. After calling him multiple times without answer, Lucy jumped from the 27th floor to her death.

After Lucy's death, William locked himself in the hangar and wouldn't come out. It wasn't until a month later that he returned home, scruffy and unshaven.

He said he had figured things out and wanted to focus on family, spending more time with me and our child.

Then he took a long vacation, cleaning the house, doing laundry and cooking every day, helping my father water plants and walk the dog, tutoring our daughter with her homework.

At the time, I naively thought he had finally decided to return to family life.

But who knew that during our picnic, he would drug our drinks.

When I woke up again, we were already in the cemetery.

I was tied up, with my father and daughter beside me.

William forced us to kneel and apologize to Lucy's tombstone.

After that, he poured gasoline on my daughter and father and set them on fire. The screams and cries were deafening.

My father used his hunched body to try to protect my daughter until the very end.

I watched helplessly as my lovely daughter and kind father turned into two pieces of charcoal.

"You go down there and be a slave to Lucy to atone for your sins!" With that, I was also engulfed by the raging flames.

But I still didn't understand what I had done wrong.

Lucy had depression and was arranged by William to live in the city's most scenic apartment after returning to the country.

That day when the fire suddenly broke out, the property management urgently evacuated everyone in the building.

But no matter how much they knocked, she never responded, saying she would wait for William to save her.

She clearly had a chance to escape but chose to die. Why did William blame me for her death?

But no matter how I tried to explain, William remained indifferent.

Before lighting the fire, William glared at me with bloodshot eyes: "How could such a sturdy ship just break down? You must have conspired with the crew to create this accident, just to divert me away so you could kill Lucy!"

"Lucy and I are just friends now. I only want to take care of her because she's sick. Why won't you leave her alone? Don't forget, Lucy became depressed because of you!"

I wanted to explain that none of this had anything to do with me, but he didn't give me the chance.

"Now you can experience the pain Lucy suffered before she died!" With that, he lit the gasoline on my body.

I was roasted by temperatures of several hundred degrees for five minutes before I died. That pain and despair, I still remember even now.

At this moment, thinking of my daughter's comfort, I no longer cared about dignity.

I rushed into the duty room and fell to my knees in front of the dispatcher, kowtowing repeatedly.

"Please save my daughter. She's stranded at sea. We can still receive the walkie-talkie signal here, so she can't be too far!"

"Or can you help me contact Captain Chris? He has 30 years of experience and is the most skilled. Only he can save my child now!"

Seeing me kowtow until my forehead was bloody, the dispatcher was moved to sympathy.

"Captain Chris, we have an urgent situation here..."

The dispatcher had just picked up the communicator when Kevin pressed it down.

"Don't be fooled by this woman's acting, Alex. Let me tell you, this woman is no ordinary person. She's quite something."

"Back then, William was about to marry his first love, but because of her anonymous tip-off call, Lucy's family was ruined and she had to leave the country."

"William almost lost his job after being disciplined. She pretended to help smooth things over, forcing William to marry her."

Kevin's slander and rumors indeed had an effect. The dispatcher put down the communicator and looked at me apologetically.

"I'm sorry, but there are regulations in the team. I don't have the authority to dispatch personnel."

After hearing this, my heart sank like it had fallen into an ice cellar.

I thought that if I didn't beg William, he would be able to go find Lucy smoothly, and the tragedy of the previous life wouldn't repeat itself.

But I never expected him to be so ruthless. Though not present, he could easily instigate his colleagues to obstruct me from saving our child.

Just as I was anxiously pacing like ants on a hot pan, my walkie-talkie sounded again.

"Mom, water, so much water is gushing in. The ship is sinking!"