---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/244/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/244/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/244/1/"
---


The day I was discharged from the hospital, I was alone. Skylar had already left with Devin, a step ahead of me.

When I received the SnapChat group message, I saw Skylar had thrown a huge celebration for Devin.

She even ordered a special banner to hang on the wall, emblazoned with golden letters:

“CONGRATULATIONS, DEVIN SHAW, ON YOUR PROMOTION TO VICE PRESIDENT!”

I remembered the early days when Skylar and I first started the company. When we secured our first big order, we celebrated with just a bowl of instant ramen.

Skylar ate the noodles, and I had the broth.

Those times were tough, but our hearts were full.

Now, we had plenty of money, but our spirits were empty.

We had long grown apart, together in name only.

My phone suddenly rang, pulling me from my thoughts. I answered to Skylar’s furious voice:

“Owen Hayes, why aren’t you here yet? What airs are you putting on?”

“If it weren’t for needing your signature on the company share transfer agreement, I wouldn’t bother calling you.”

“Get over here now. We’re waiting only for you.”

She didn’t give me a chance to say a single word before she hung up.

When I pushed open the private room door, everyone was gathered around Devin, showering him with sycophantic praise.

The moment they saw me, the cheerful atmosphere instantly died. It was as if I was an unwelcome intruder.

Devin walked towards me, holding a bottle of red wine, his eyes glinting with challenge.

“Mr. Hayes… Oh, no, I mean, Mr. Hayes, you’re just a team leader now.”

“You’re late. You owe us three drinks.”

He handed me the bottle of red wine. I glanced at Skylar, who stood behind Devin.

Her face was impassive, silently endorsing everything. Yet, she knew perfectly well I was on medication and couldn’t drink.

Seeing my lack of response, Devin directly shoved the entire bottle into my arms. In an instant, the red wine splattered all over me.

My bespoke white suit was immediately stained crimson.

That suit was a reward from Skylar when I secured our first major deal.

Devin put on a show of apology, “My bad, Mr. Hayes, I didn’t mean to do that.”

I was about to erupt, but Skylar walked up behind me.

“It’s just a suit, why apologize to him? That white thing is yellowed anyway; it should have been thrown out ages ago.”

I scoffed internally. She was right, it should have been thrown out. Not just the suit, but the person wearing it, too.

