---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/394/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/394/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/394/1/"
---


I watched them, a perfect duet, my gaze turning icy. I didn't know if he was truly clueless or just pretending. My heart was seething with resentment, and he was still trying to slap me in the face like this.

I couldn’t hold back anymore. I yanked my hand free from his grasp. My eyes, red with suppressed rage, fixed on him.

"Liam Hayes, are you saying that you got another woman pregnant, and now I'm supposed to rush over and comfort the home-wrecker you brought back? How dare you have such audacity?"

Liam's eyes, which had been upturned in smugness, instantly darkened when he heard my words. His voice deepened several octaves.

"Aurora, how could you think that? Chloe is only 20! She's still so young. Do you have any idea how much physical harm it would cause her if we forced her to have an abortion?"

"I already took her virginity; I've already wronged her enough. And you can't even tolerate *this* small thing?"

The way he twisted his infidelity into such a grand, righteous excuse, it felt as if I'd never truly known him. Had he forgotten? I wasn't even twenty when we started dating. And didn't I give him my first time too?

He turned away, no longer wanting to meet my gaze. But the words he spoke were like daggers, each one drawing blood.

"Besides, we've been together for so long, and your womb has always been silent. Now, Chloe can give our family an heir. You should be on your knees, thanking her!"

I let out a cold snort, responding flatly. "So, if I went and slept with someone else, got pregnant with their child, would you still kneel and thank me?"

He spun around abruptly, his furious gaze almost devouring me. "Enough, Aurora! Don't you think your words are truly disgusting?"

"I always thought you were kind and sensible, that you'd understand everything I did. I never imagined you'd be no different from those jealous women."

He gritted his teeth, looking utterly exasperated. Perhaps in his mind, I was just as he described. All that talk of me being gentle, kind, and sensible was just an excuse for him to bring Chloe home.

I let out a bitter laugh. "My apologies for disappointing you."

Chloe suddenly dropped to her knees, sobbing hysterically. "Sister-in-law, I'm so sorry, it's my fault. I ruined your relationship with Liam."

"This baby shouldn't be in my belly. I promise you, I'll leave right now. I'll get rid of the baby immediately and never appear before you again."

