---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/394/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/394/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/394/2/"
---


With that, Chloe, still crying, rushed towards the door. With a "thud," she fell directly to the ground. Liam's eyes filled with panic. He rushed over without hesitation. Chloe clutched her stomach, whimpering.

"Liam, help me! My baby, this is our first baby, I don't want anything to happen to this baby…"

Seeing Chloe's pained expression, Liam's eyes instantly reddened. He quickly scooped up the whimpering Chloe from the ground. His panic was visible, his lips trembling.

"No, Chloe, I won't let anything happen to our baby, don't worry."

"You're still young, we'll have many more children, as many as you want, I'll give them to you, okay?"

Listening to his touching declaration, tears streamed uncontrollably from my eyes. Five years ago, I too was pregnant with his child. But back then, he claimed it was his career's crucial period and told me to terminate the pregnancy. We were both young then, and I didn't think much of it, so I went through with the abortion.

The moment I was wheeled into the operating room, I suffered a hemorrhage and almost died on the table. That surgery severely damaged my uterus, making it difficult to conceive afterward. Liam knelt by my hospital bed, clutching my hand, sobbing uncontrollably as he repented.

"Aurora, I'm so sorry, I truly didn't know that abortion would cause such severe damage to your body. Don't worry, I promise I'll never fail you again. From now on, if we have a child, we'll keep it, okay?"

"If we really can't have children, that's okay too. I'll be child-free with you."

What were once such moving and heartfelt vows now felt like a sharp blade piercing my heart.

I turned, wanting to leave, but he, still holding Chloe, rushed up from behind me. Suddenly, he kicked me hard in the back. I lost my balance and stumbled, falling backward. I knocked over a nearby vase, and glass shards pierced my palm.

"What are you standing around for?! Get the car ready! If something happens, can you take responsibility?!"

"Chloe is pure-hearted; she thinks of everything for you, yet you say such vicious things to upset her. You're so much older than her, can't you be more mature?!"

The crushing pain in my chest made it hard to breathe. I slowly got to my feet, pulling the glass shards from my palm. Blood instantly welled up. To avoid giving him any more leverage, I forced myself to endure the pain and went to get the car for him. Perhaps, as he said, there was a life in her belly.

Blood dripped onto the steering wheel, while in the backseat, Liam and Chloe's fingers were intertwined. After dropping them off at the hospital, I felt my task was complete. Trembling, I called Julian.

"What you said last time, I agree."

