---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/151/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/151/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

After hanging up the phone, I didn’t believe it. I thought it was just a prank because ever since I got with Gideon, the women around him always tried to separate us.

I’d received over 1,300 calls claiming to be from Gideon’s mother.

Until evening, when Gideon came back.

“Ah Han, I have good news for you, I’m preg—” I leaped into his arms, wrapping mine around his neck, meeting his eyes.

Gideon had a low sperm count, with an incredibly slim chance of fathering a child. His greatest dream was to have his own child.

For this dream, Gideon's family went to great lengths; his mother even became a vegetarian, hoping to bring good fortune.

And now, I was pregnant with Gideon's child, and the pregnancy test result was in my pocket as a surprise.

I looked at Gideon full of anticipation, imagining how happy he would be when he found out. But unfortunately, before I finished speaking, his phone rang.

Seeing the caller ID, he hesitated, then looked at me. In just a moment, he smiled, raised a finger to his lips, signaling me to be quiet.

I nodded obediently, feeling something had changed.

He had never taken calls like this before. Once connected, I clearly heard a woman’s voice. “Gideon, don’t forget to take our wedding photos later.”

Instantly, a chill ran from my spine to the top of my head, freezing my entire soul.

Remembering the call earlier, I felt tears stinging my eyes, and my hands holding his face dropped weakly.

“I’ll be right there.”

He noticed my oddness but still smiled with such ease, even kissed me reluctantly. “Be good, wait at home, I’ll take care of you when I get back.”

Gideon dressed up, adjusted in front of the mirror for a long time, and only after confirming there was no unusual scent did he turn to leave.

I was in shock for a long time, and by the time I reacted, he was already out of the room.

I hurriedly took out my phone to call him, but there was no answer. So, it’s true? Gideon is getting married to another woman.

With trembling hands, I took out the pregnancy test result from my pocket.

Suddenly, a wave of weakness hit me, making me collapse to the ground, tears flowing like a fountain.

If he’s marrying another woman, then what am I? What about the child inside me?

Seven years of love, through thick and thin. All the vows Gideon made to me flooded my mind, overwhelming my body and soul. Finally, my body couldn’t bear the shock any longer and collapsed.

Before my consciousness faded, I was still wondering. What did my seven years with him mean?

Gideon returned at night, half an hour after I regained consciousness. I sat alone on the sofa, tightly clutching that pregnancy test result.

He looked exhausted, smelling strongly of women’s perfume, with a glaring lipstick mark on his collar.

Yet, even so, he still raised his eyebrows at me and said, “Yo, Adeline, what are you dazing about?”

I looked up at him, that red on his collar becoming more glaring. Going to meet his fiancée, he had to clean off the scent of other women.

But with me, he was completely indifferent. Thinking about this, I couldn’t help but tighten my grip on the pregnancy test result.

Gideon saw I wasn’t speaking and casually smiled, then came over, hugged me like usual, and was about to kiss me. But in the next second, I slapped him across the face.

The slap was loud, especially distinct in the quiet space.

“Get out!” My tone was icy, hating his careless attitude toward our relationship. “Aren’t you going to explain the wedding photos?”

I looked at him, a chill filling my heart. He was stunned for a moment, then put down his hand that was covering his face, not angry, just glanced at me, and finally said blandly, “Marriage for me is just a show, it won’t affect our relationship.”

“Since you already know, I won’t hide it anymore. Tell me, what do you want? I’ll buy it for you.”

I was heartbroken to the extreme but still held on strong.

“Gideon, you know what I want.”

His face darkened, losing that playboy demeanor, leaving only impatience and fatigue.

“I can give you everything except a title.”

He made himself sound so noble. I clutched the pregnancy test result, my lips trembling, asking for myself and the child one last time.

“So, you want me to be your mistress?”