---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 7"
novel_index: "/novels/400/"
chapter_number: 7
next_chapter: "/novels/400/8/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/400/6/"
---

I noticed Jax was still there and quickly wiped my eyes.
I pursed my lips. "Thank you for bringing me here."
In my past life, I faced too much malice and always fought alone.
Now, facing Jax, who had helped me, I felt a little lost.
And I'd just thrown up on him...
Jax raised an eyebrow. "Then, as repayment, how about you get me breakfast every day?"
I hesitated.
I didn't want to get too involved with anyone.
Jax saw my worn, faded canvas shoes and quickly added,
"My meal card's yours. What? Your thanks aren't just empty words, are they?"
I sighed, helpless, and could only nod in agreement.
After school, I planned to go to the hospital.
My body's condition would only worsen.
I needed to get some painkillers.
The original Elara had a card; it was compensation given to her by Marcus, the Richard family heir, when she first returned.
If ordinary painkillers worked, I wouldn't even want to go to the hospital.
Gastroenterology department.
Dr. Miles was very young. Perhaps seeing that his patient was a young girl, he spoke softly, asking me where I felt unwell.
For a moment, I actually felt like crying.
Such concern was something I had never received in both my lives.
I smiled at him. "Could you please prescribe me some morphine?"
The doctor froze, unable to believe his ears.
The young girl in front of him, barely old enough to be in school, was asking for morphine.
I continued, "If not, then OxyContin, Fentanyl, just anything will do."
Dr. Miles choked, looking reproving.
"What illness does this young lady have? Have you been checked? You can't just take any medicine."
"I have stomach cancer, mid-stage," I answered calmly and seriously.
His expression instantly stiffened, and he even seemed agitated.
"How is that possible? How old are you? Which hospital? Which quack diagnosed you?! Believe it or not, I'll report them!"
The doctor's expression was a little amusing. I couldn't help but chuckle.
"I've already been checked. It's just been hurting more and more recently. Could you please prescribe me some painkillers?"
Dr. Miles looked at the girl's genuine expression, and his heart sank.
"Do your family know?"
"You're so young. Why aren't you fighting for treatment?"
I sighed. This was one reason I didn't want to come to the hospital.
I had to play the victim.
"My family knows. It's just... we don't have the money at home, and I have several older brothers, so I won't get treatment."
Dr. Miles looked like he wanted to say more but eventually said nothing.
I left the hospital with my medication.
Unaware that Jax had followed me the whole way.

0