---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/82/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/82/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/82/2/"
---

"Why do you suddenly find her annoying?" Sophia poked her head out from the bed and asked.

"It's nothing, I've always found her annoying, but she's an old friend from the same orphanage, so I put up with her."

"But lately she's really been too much. I'm tired of dealing with her and plan to talk to her clearly during this trip."

My two roommates had a sudden realization. Emma continued:

"Oh, you two are from the same orphanage?"

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean anything by it, I just, I just... was a bit surprised."

Emma quickly apologized when she realized she had misspoken.

"It's fine, I don't mind. Besides, my adoptive parents are very good to me, no different from biological parents."

I shrugged indifferently, a faint smile on my face as I mentioned my adoptive parents.

Seeing how curious they looked, I went ahead and told them about how we were adopted by different families.

"So Olivia is the adopted daughter of that new rich merchant family that just moved to the city? She always said she was the Lu family's daughter, we all thought she was their biological child. But then I saw her brother come looking for her once, and that attitude, tsk..."

Sophia gossiped about what she had seen before.

"That attitude was worse than towards an enemy. A teenage boy with such a vicious personality, saying such cruel things. I saw Olivia was about to cry, but after her brother left, the way she glared at his back looked just like a demon from hell."

I understood in my heart. This is why Olivia was jealous that I was taken by my adoptive parents.

Although the Lu family was wealthy, once they had their own son, Olivia's role as an adopted daughter was reduced to just being raised well to be married off for an alliance.

"Before she always acted so generous and cheerful in front of you, but behind your back she had such a resentful look."

Emma looked at me to make sure I wasn't upset before continuing.

"She must be jealous of you. After all, you were adopted on the same day but ended up in such different situations. She's a fake rich daughter who's lost her freedom, while you have the freedom of an intellectual family."

I smiled. Put that way, I really was lucky.

But Olivia enjoyed the luxurious life that the Lu family's money brought her, so she should bear the corresponding responsibilities.

"The Lu couple aren't unreasonable people, they treat Olivia quite well and haven't forced her to do anything. It's just that her brother, probably due to his young age and outside influences, is unwilling to accept this adopted sister."

I continued along with their conversation. "Actually, if Olivia used the right communication methods, her brother wouldn't be so rejecting of her..."