---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/452/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/452/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

I followed her all the way to the billion-dollar wedding venue hotel I had gifted her when we first started dating.

The welcome sign nearly blinded me with its giant letters:

[Congratulations on the marriage of Miss Evelyn Bridges & Mr. Lucas Gray]

On the carefully edited wedding photo beside it,
Evelyn was beaming in a wedding dress,
Embracing a man who wasn't me - her supposed destination wedding groom -
But Lucas Gray, her male secretary who had just messaged about the "huge project".

It all made sense now.

No wonder when we discussed getting married, she said she was tired of putting on a show at work and didn't want to go through all those empty formalities. She just wanted a quiet destination wedding with me.

Turns out she had someone else in mind for the wedding photos, ceremony, and marriage license.

Before entering the hotel, I made a phone call.

I had just settled into the seat with the best view when I saw Evelyn's father walking her down the aisle under the officiant's direction. They slowly made their way to where I was sitting.

Lucas also walked down from the other end of the aisle, solemnly extending his hand to Evelyn.

Just as Evelyn's dad was about to place her hand in Lucas', I decisively kicked Evelyn hard in the shin, sending her face-planting onto the floor.

Her veil fell off and her bouquet scattered everywhere.
Lucas was also knocked down by her fall.

Evelyn, sprawled at my feet, was about to curse loudly,
But she only raised her head to look at me once before all the blood seemed to freeze in her body.

Lucas kept calling for Evelyn to help him up, but she didn't even dare to look at him.

I looked down at the panicked Evelyn, who still hadn't managed to get up, and asked:

"Why the grand gesture? Are you asking me for a wedding gift?"

Suddenly hearing my voice, Lucas turned to look at me in disbelief, his face turning pale with fright.

He instinctively tried to hide behind Evelyn, but was grabbed by her father.

Evelyn's dad put on a shrewd expression. He arrogantly pointed at me and shouted loudly enough for everyone to hear:

"You shameless homewrecker! You just won't give up, will you?"

"Didn't I already chase you away outside the hotel? How did you get in here?"

As soon as he finished speaking, all eyes in the room focused on me.

"No wonder he looks so shifty. Turns out he's a homewrecker."

"Evelyn is the most dedicated girl. She's utterly devoted to Lucas. Anyone who has designs on her is just wasting their time."

"Evelyn and Lucas have known each other since they were in diapers. They started dating in middle school. As soon as Evelyn graduated and made it big, she immediately brought Lucas to the city to enjoy the good life. She even made him a boss to help manage her company. Who do you think you are? Take a good look at yourself in the mirror before trying to come between them."

Childhood sweethearts.
Together since middle school.

Well, well.

I nodded along as I listened.

Evelyn had pursued me relentlessly since we started college. It wasn't until our senior year that I was finally moved by her persistence and decided to be with her.

Up until today - the day of our destination wedding.

I had been forced to be the "other man" for 3 years.

While she and Lucas were actually in love all along, why did she pursue me in the first place? The answer was obvious - it could only be for my identity as the son of a billionaire and pop diva, and my endless wealth.

This was just perfect.

I kicked Evelyn over again.

"So you think I'm the 'other man' too?"

Evelyn's face was full of guilt as she kept shaking her head at me.

Just as she was about to explain something, Lucas suddenly screamed and pounced on her.

"Evelyn, are you okay?!"

He hugged her tightly, desperately trying to signal her with his eyes.

Evelyn met his gaze for a moment, slowly calming down as a calculating look flashed in her eyes.

Seeing Evelyn get hit, all the guests were indignant.

"Who do you think you are, hitting people?!"

A man nearby rolled up his sleeves, raising his fist as if he was about to punch me in the face any second.

"Wait."

Evelyn's demeanor changed completely from her previous cowering.

"Ryan Shaw, you've been pestering me for years. I've already clearly rejected you and told you my heart belongs to someone else."

"Today is my and Lucas' happiest day. I absolutely cannot allow anyone to ruin the wedding I've so carefully prepared for him."

"You need to leave now. Don't make me call security to throw you out."

I met her gaze with a cold smirk.

"Evelyn Bridges, don't forget where this hotel came from. What right do you have to throw me out?"

"Or do you think that as long as I leave, no one will ever find out about all your dirty secrets?"

Lucas stepped forward, still holding Evelyn's hand.

"Brother Ryan, I know you've always liked Evelyn and it hurts to see her marry me."

"But Evelyn has always loved me. You can't force these things."

"We're already married now. I hope you won't come bother her anymore in the future."

I wasn't actually surprised by Evelyn and Lucas' relationship.

It was precisely because I discovered their affair that I decisively took back the company I had funded, staffed, and worked tirelessly to help Evelyn establish and grow.

And I had kept all of this from Evelyn until now.

Originally, I was afraid my actions were too harsh and wanted to give her one last chance.

Now it seems I had thought too much of her.

I was about to throw the proof of reclaiming the company in Evelyn's face,

When her father's eyes suddenly lit up and he deliberately raised his voice:

"Oh I get it now, you must be that male secretary Evelyn told me about before - the one who had designs on her at the company!"

