---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/452/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/452/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/452/2/"
---


Evelyn was momentarily stunned by my words.

Hearing what I said, people at the tables kept whispering to each other.

"This guy just said he dated Evelyn for three years and today was supposed to be their wedding day. He even said this hotel was a gift from him to Evelyn. Could any of that be true?"

"It's obviously fake. Anyone can make up stories. We've all watched Evelyn grow up, we know what kind of person she is."

"He even claimed the hotel is his. Why doesn't he just say Evelyn's whole company was started by him?"

Just then, a faint female voice spoke up:

"But I saw the brand of clothes he's wearing online. It seems to be a super expensive designer label that even Lucas doesn't wear..."

Lucas immediately glared at the girl angrily.

"This is your first time even coming to the city. What do you know about what's good or not?"

"I can't believe someone from our village would take a stranger's side like this!"

The girl shrank back, not daring to say anything more.

Evelyn looked satisfied as she turned away.

She raised Lucas' hand high in the air, showing off the dazzling matching rings on their ring fingers to everyone.

She looked down at me condescendingly, as if I was already a complete loser.

"Ryan Shaw, you say today was supposed to be our wedding day. Do you have any proof?"

"My parents and all our relatives are here, but not a single person has ever seen you before. If I was really going to marry you, wouldn't I introduce you to my family first?"

"Besides, did I get a marriage license with you? Did I take wedding photos with you? Did I give you any wedding gifts?"

"You need evidence when you speak. I prepared all of those things for my Lucas."

Lucas nestled against her shoulder, smiling triumphantly.

"That's right, Brother Ryan. You can take medicine recklessly, but you can't speak recklessly."

Evelyn's words completely confirmed my guilt, because I had no way to refute them.

It's true, when I agreed to marry Evelyn, I was stupid enough not to ask for anything.

At the time, I happened to love her and happened to want for nothing.

I never imagined that one day, this love would become a knife stabbing straight into my heart.

Everyone in the hotel was pointing and whispering about me.

"Homewrecker who tried to come between a couple. What do you have to say for yourself now?"

"We can't just let him off like this. We need to teach him a lesson!"

Someone grabbed my hair and forcefully dragged me to the ground.

Lucas' father gave a look to the shirtless, greasy man.

The greasy man immediately understood, bending down with a lecherous grin and grabbing my abs.

"Little brother, being a homewrecker is immoral. Uncle is going to teach you a good lesson today."

I let out a piercing scream, desperately twisting my body to try to escape his evil clutches, but my limbs were firmly pinned down.

Fear swept through my entire body. I shouted Evelyn's name loudly, hoping she would have a change of heart and make these people stop.

Evelyn's pupils constricted. She was about to intervene,

But Lucas pulled her back.

"They ruined our wedding. I'm not happy about it and want to teach him a small lesson."

Evelyn hesitated. "But..."

"It's just a small lesson. You know the guys from our village, they know their limits."

"Besides, we're right here watching. What could happen?"

So Evelyn said nothing more.

Lucas embraced her. Evelyn absently stroked his back as she watched more and more men and women grope me.

"Let go of me! This is sexual assault, you'll go to jail for this!"

But the next second, someone's slap sent me seeing stars.

"What right does a homewrecking slut like you have to accuse us? This isn't assault, this is justice!"

Countless vulgar insults instantly drowned me.

Just when I had completely given up hope, a voice suddenly came from the doorway:

"I'm so sorry everyone, I'm late..."

But upon seeing my face clearly, that voice abruptly turned to horror:

"Stop! What are you doing?!"
