---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 5"
novel_index: "/novels/16/"
chapter_number: 5

previous_chapter: "/novels/16/4/"
---

Samuel was heartbroken. In front of everyone, he pulled Sarah into his arms to protect her.
"Enough! Are you all done yet?
"From the beginning, the only person I've ever loved is Sarah. If it weren't for Mia constantly stirring things up and my mom forcing me to marry her, I never would have married her!"
To defend Sarah, Samuel publicly belittled me, leaving me utterly disrespected.
If this had happened before, I would have been devastated and tried to explain myself endlessly.
But after narrowly escaping death twice, my mindset suddenly changed.
Whether Samuel loved me or not no longer mattered.
I had saved Ella with my own life, almost died at his hands, and no matter how much debt I owed, it was paid back.
I remained silent while they argued loudly.
Samuel was convinced I was acting. Seeing everyone standing up for me, he pointed at me, demanding that I admit my fault.
"Mia, you always talk about repaying kindness. Why aren't you doing that now?
"Today, if you admit that you were just acting, I'll consider the debt repaid. I won't use your money again from now on. Isn't that enough?"
I listened to his words, and my heart grew colder.
Samuel spent all his salary on Sarah, yet it was never enough.
To provide a good life for Sarah, Samuel had begun eyeing the small savings I had slowly accumulated.
I didn't eat meat, didn't buy vegetables, didn't buy new clothes, and the little bit of money I saved was taken by him to spend on another woman. Naturally, I wasn't happy.
Yet every time we argued, Samuel always managed to force me into submission.
"Mia, don't forget who raised you.
"You ate my family's food, use my family's things. Don't you think you owe us something?"
"If it weren't for me and Ella taking care of you, do you think you'd still be alive to argue with me here?"
*****
Every time he brought this up, I would be left speechless.
"But Samuel, when the flood came, my parents died saving your family!" I thought.