---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/79/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/79/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

When the fake parents from the elite family came looking for me, I was still in class. Adeline brought them from home, looking thrilled: "Asher, you're going to be the elite family's young master!"

Looking at her innocent face, I was momentarily dazed. Adeline and I were neighbors, and we grew up together.

Her parents died in an accident when she was five. Her relatives treated her as a burden, passing her around. My parents pitied her and cared for her more than they did for me, their biological son. They always reminded me to protect Adeline and not let anyone bully her.

Whenever that happened, Adeline would blush and remain silent. She told me as a child that she only wanted to marry me. I thought we were in love.

So, I begged my fake parents to bring Adeline along, or I wouldn't go with them. But as soon as we arrived at The Quinn Family, she ran into the real son Declan's arms.

Under Declan's instigation, she knew I was just his stand-in but didn't tell me the truth. Instead, she helped Declan trap me.

In the end, I took the knife for Declan and was blown up by The Quinn Family's enemies in international waters, with no remains left.

Fighting back my overwhelming hatred, I closed my eyes, resisting the urge to confront her right there. Instead, I walked toward the luxury car parked at the door. Adeline hurriedly stopped me.

"Asher! Are you leaving? Aren't you forgetting something?"

Seeing the expectation and anxiety in her eyes, I understood. Adeline had also been reborn.