---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/79/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/79/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/79/1/"
---

I gave a cold smile and pretended not to know: "Yeah, is there something you want?"

My indifferent tone left Adeline at a loss. She bit her lip hard, tears welling up in her eyes, looking pitiful: "Asher, can you take me with you..."

I watched her playfully without speaking. Every second that passed, Adeline's face turned a shade paler.

After enjoying her embarrassment and shame, I stretched lazily: "Adeline, I'm now the elite family's young master. With your status... bringing you along wouldn't be appropriate, right?"

Adeline's face turned red and then white. I changed my tone: "However, if you really want to come back to The Quinn Family with me, it's not impossible."

Her eyes lit up as if she saw hope. Greed and joy almost overflowed from her eyes. She obediently tugged at my sleeve: "Asher, I'll do whatever you say! I'll be good."

A hint of disgust flashed in my eyes as I pulled my sleeve away: "Fine, The Quinn Family shouldn't mind having one more servant. I'll talk to the butler to find you some cleaning work."

Adeline's smile froze, and she looked at me in shock.

In the previous life, I willingly cherished her, took her to The Quinn Family, and treated her like a treasure, afraid others would bully her.

Now, she wants to enter The Quinn Family, but she can only be a cleaning servant. The difference is like night and day. How could Adeline bear this disparity?

I didn't look at her again and turned to leave.

She stopped me: "Wait!... I'll go!"

I was a bit surprised. After shock and embarrassment, Adeline still bit her lip and followed.

To enter the elite family, she really was enduring humiliation.

I forced a smile: "Adeline, are you sure you want to come to The Quinn Family?"

Adeline had already controlled her expression, obediently and aggrievedly "hmm"ed.

But the resentment in her eyes didn't escape my notice. I chuckled coldly inside.

Since she wants to dig her own grave, she can't blame anyone else.