---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/79/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/79/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/79/2/"
---

The Quinn Family is a true elite family, living on an estate with over a hundred servants.

Adeline and I were welcomed inside, and the fake parents and Declan were already waiting.

The Quinns put on an impressive show, shedding tears and showing concern upon seeing me.

They also mentioned they would soon send Declan abroad, telling me not to worry.

Ha, of course, only after I die.

Before I could say anything, Adeline, who had been staring at Declan since entering, suddenly spoke up.

Her voice was soft, and her face slightly red: "Uncle, Auntie, Asher has been kind and filial since childhood. He definitely wouldn't want you to be separated from Declan."

The fake parents were stunned and asked who she was. Declan also turned to look at Adeline.

I spoke disdainfully: "Oh, she's a neighbor of mine, eager to come to The Quinn Family as a servant. Dad, Mom, let the butler arrange some work for her."

Adeline's face turned pale, almost twisted.

The Quinns exchanged a glance, showing some disdain.

Declan's gaze turned blatant. In his eyes, Adeline was nothing but someone willing to degrade herself to cling to the powerful.

In the previous life, it was because of how much I valued and cared for Adeline that The Quinn Family considered her important.

She was just a tool to control and manipulate me.

Without my favor, The Quinn Family wouldn't even look at her.

Now seeing me disdain her and her desperate eagerness to stick around... Declan isn't stupid, and The Quinns are even shrewder. Would they treat her kindly?