---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 5"
novel_index: "/novels/79/"
chapter_number: 5
next_chapter: "/novels/79/7/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/79/5/"
---

I thought Adeline would lay low for a few days.

But I overestimated her.

After just a few days of work, she couldn't handle it anymore and found a way to get into Declan's bed.

In our previous life, she and Declan were like two peas in a pod and naturally hooked up.

When I noticed she was skipping classes too much, I naively advised her to focus on her studies.

Adeline had already latched onto Declan and didn't even bother to pretend:

"Asher, did you get into the elite family by studying hard? I'm not as fortunate as you. If I want a good life, I have to work hard in my own way."

Later, I understood.

Her way was to latch onto an elite family and become a rich woman.

As for why she didn't choose me, Declan once asked her.

At that time, she was in the kitchen having an animated conversation with Declan, and I happened to come downstairs for a drink of water, hearing her say sweetly:

"I’m not blind. Anyone can see, Declan, you're the real catch. Asher, even if he rises above his humble beginnings, is still just a poor phoenix at heart. How can he compare to your natural elegance?"

She wasn't wrong. Declan was indeed a true rich kid.

But his elegance was built on the exploitation of countless ordinary people.

Why would Declan be interested in someone as ordinary and poor as her?

In the past life, Declan would even take her to high-end places for my sake, buy her designer bags, brands, jewelry, to appease her.

Now she was just a lowly maid with some charm, and he had nothing to lose by playing around.

Adeline climbed into bed at night and worked during the day.

Once the other servants in The Quinn Family knew what she was, they shunned her mercilessly.

Adeline, pampered and spoiled, fell ill after just a few days of this.

Declan moved her into his room.

Not out of pity, but because his troublesome friends were coming.