---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 6"
novel_index: "/novels/79/"
chapter_number: 6
next_chapter: "/novels/79/8/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/79/6/"
---

That day, Declan invited me to a private club to introduce me to his friends.

The club was invitation-only, accessible only to VIPs.

In the past life, he also invited Adeline and me, greatly satisfying her vanity.

But I refused to let Adeline go, no matter what.

Because I overheard Declan planning to entertain his troublesome friends.

He was ready to use her as entertainment.

On the phone, Declan's tone was dismissive:

"Someone like Adeline, you guys can do as you please with her."

I told her Declan was a wolf in sheep's clothing.

But Adeline didn't believe me.

Seeing us argue fiercely, Declan played the good guy instead:

"Asher is just worried about you. Since he disagrees, Adeline, you better not go."

Adeline then completely broke with me:

"Asher, who are you to control me? I only received a little care from your family, it's not like I was sold to you as a child bride! I warn you, my business with Declan is none of your concern, so stop meddling!"

So this time when Declan mentioned taking Adeline along, I wasn't surprised and didn't stop him.

Adeline was taken aback for a moment, then a smug look quickly crossed her face as she anticipated a show.

She remembered Declan intended to set a trap for me.

But she didn't know, Declan's trap was not just for me.

At this moment, Officer Sawyer secretly contacted me.