---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/161/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/161/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

I looked up at Jasper in his sleek outfit, a far cry from the boy I met eight years ago in the emergency room, who couldn't even afford a few bucks for medicine and nervously tugged at his tattered clothes.

Then I heard Jasper's voice, deeper and more magnetic after eight years, with a hint of hesitation. "Also, she wants that ring..."

I glanced at the simple ring on my left ring finger. Jasper bought me this ring with his first prize money after winning second place in a fight. At the time, seeing the ring in the box and his bruised face, I couldn't hold back my tears. Seeing me cry, he panicked immediately.

"Adeline, don't cry. I know I've wronged you... This ring may be the cheapest in the store, but once I win more fights, I'll definitely get you the best one!"

But even after he won more fights, eight years later, I still only had this simple ring. And today, he wanted me to give even this ring to Phoebe.

Seeing my hesitation, Phoebe clung to his arm, speaking with a hint of grievance. "Jasper, if Adeline really doesn't want to, then forget it... I just really like this ring. You know I'm not with you for money or status..."

Jasper, seeing her like this, felt heartbroken. He turned to me with impatience, forcibly took the ring off my hand, and handed it to Phoebe. Then they left without saying another word to me.

I looked at the bruises on my hand, and tears finally started flowing from my eyes.

When Jasper and I first got married, I once cut my hand while slicing fruit. It was just a shallow cut, but it pained Jasper immensely.

"Adeline, your hands are meant for holding a scalpel and saving lives. You can't get hurt. Let me handle these chores."

But after just five years of marriage, things had changed so drastically.

I gathered myself and went downstairs to throw out the trash, only to run into Phoebe coming back alone. She looked at my swollen eyes and couldn't help but laugh.

"Did you really think I wanted that cheap ring? Jasper already bought me something much more expensive." She said, raising her hand and tossing the simple ring into the community's pond. The diamond on her ring finger dazzled my eyes.

Back home, I hid the pregnancy test report I had planned to give Jasper as an anniversary gift and called my Declan, Finn.

Before meeting Jasper, Finn had been interested in me. To be honest, if I hadn't met Jasper, I might have really married Finn. Even after my marriage, Finn supported me a lot in my work and studies.

A year ago, Finn asked me to go to the USA for a three-year study, but since Jasper had just started the MMA Club, I declined. However, he said he would always keep that opportunity open for me.

"Declan, I'm willing to go to the USA with you for further studies."

"Adeline, are you sure? It's a three-year trip. Are you really willing to leave Jasper?"

"I've made up my mind, Declan. I've already decided to divorce Jasper."