---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/561/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/561/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/561/1/"
---

The best way to counter a cheat is to crush them with a superior technique.
I pretended to pick up my lighter and light the cigarette in my mouth. While I was taking a drag, I watched Rocky.
During that time, he made no small movements, just impatiently tapped the table, urging me to play faster.
My role right now was the prey.
I needed to wait for Rocky, the hunter, to make a mistake, then devour him whole, leaving not a single bone.
It looked like a simple card game, but the fate of all three of us was tied to this table.
I couldn't afford to be careless, not for a second.
After gaining the lead, I thought for a full thirty seconds, then threw out a three-of-a-kind with a pair.
Seeing me play such a hand, Spike couldn't help but make a clicking sound, seemingly displeased with my move.
I leaned back in my chair, the nearly burnt-out cigarette dangling from my lips, and mimicking Rocky, tapped the table, signaling him to make a decision quickly.
"Can't beat it. Your turn."
I instinctively touched my nose, then played a seven-card straight (3-4-5-6-7-8-9). Now I had five cards left: two 6s, two Js, and a single 5.
Rocky shook his head, didn't play, passing the lead to Spike.
I knew Rocky was intentionally letting me play.
He hadn't intended to take the lead in this hand; he wanted to lure me deeper.
He would make me believe his hand was weak, then, when I had only one card left, he’d sweep the whole game.
A true grifter plays the long game, baiting big fish, letting you nibble at the hook bit by bit until you're deeply ensnared and can't escape.
Of course, a grifter must never be greedy; no greed, no mistakes.
I wasn't greedy, and neither was Rocky.
He was a tough opponent. One wrong move, and I'd be utterly crushed.
Compared to him, Spike seemed very one-dimensional.
He was more like an automated machine.
Looking at it that way, the situation became clear.
Rocky was the brain; Spike was the hand.
They were teaming up to fleece me like a fat pig.
The cards in the deck, Rocky and Spike could manipulate through their methods, turning them into any card they desired.
This was the grifter's craft.
With a teammate's cooperation, it was almost unstoppable.
If they continued working together, I would definitely lose.
But I couldn't lose!