---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/512/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/512/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---


Back at the company, I deleted the hourly alarms reminding me to send her jokes, and buried myself in work.

Not having to rack my brains for jokes, I felt more relaxed, and my work hours became much more productive.

I hadn't been this immersed in work for a long time, and I momentarily forgot about the end of the workday.

Until my secretary came to knock on the door.

Without looking up, I said, "Come in."

Hearing my voice, the secretary seemed surprised and said as she entered, "Mr. Thompson, didn't you go to the hospital to deliver food to your girlfriend?"

I looked at the time - it was already 5 PM.

Usually, I'd have to rush home by 4:30, buy ingredients, cook, and run to the hospital to deliver food without even having time to take a sip of water.

The nurses often teased me: "The most devoted boyfriend ever."

"Not going anymore. Is there something you need?" I asked.

The secretary hesitated before speaking, "The company is having a dinner tonight. Would you like to join us...?"

"Sure, it's on me," I replied.

I used to devote all my energy to Lily, and I didn't even realize how long it had been since I'd had dinner with my employees.

Everyone enjoyed this meal very much. After dinner, we went to a bar for round two.

As soon as we sat down, I saw a familiar figure.

Lily was dressed scantily, but her sickly body held no beauty. Flanked by her two best friends, she was confidently dancing in the center of the floor.

Her body couldn't handle this kind of partying. In the past, I always earnestly advised her to focus on treatment and not go out playing with her friends.

Now, with no one to stop her, she was indulging recklessly.

I sent a message to Mr. Sanders, asking him to come pick Lily up.

Many of my employees were my college classmates, and they immediately recognized Lily. Pointing in that direction, they said, "Boss, isn't that your girlfriend? Isn't she sick?"

I smiled bitterly as I drank, but before I could explain, we heard Lily shouting while holding a bottle: "Finally free from that lapdog Daniel! Now no one can stop me from coming to bars anymore!"

Her friend asked, "Lily, did you really break up?"

Lily scoffed, "We were never really together. He was just my servant. Chris is my real boyfriend. Now that he's back in the country, of course I have to keep my distance!"

They were about to come say hello, but hearing Lily say this, they were all dumbfounded.

"Boss, you..."

I waved my hand, also pretending to be nonchalant: "That's right, she was never my girlfriend. I was just taking care of her for Mr. Sanders because she was sick."

They clearly didn't believe me, but out of respect, they didn't expose the lie.

Hearing my words, Lily walked over, pointing at me with a slightly drunken look in her eyes.

"Daniel, what are you doing here? This place is so expensive, can your salary even afford one bottle? You guys probably don't know, but your coworker here is the son of my family's driver. I'm his employer."

My employees couldn't sit still anymore and wanted to stand up for me.

I waved my hand, gesturing for them to calm down.

Five years ago, I founded this company. Last year we went public, and my net worth skyrocketed.

Now even Lily's father wouldn't dare to be disrespectful to me. The reason my dad still worked as a driver was that he was sentimental and didn't want to be idle, so I bought the villa next to the Sanders' for him to live in.

Lily had been in the hospital for years and didn't follow financial news, so she had no idea I was no longer a small-time employee.

0