---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/225/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/225/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/225/2/"
---


After clearing out the office for Ethan and handing over the documents, it was already dark outside, and we were the only ones left on the company's top floor.

 He sat in a wheelchair, looking out at the night through the large floor-to-ceiling window, suddenly spoke, "Years of hard work only to make a wedding dress for someone else, it must hurt, right?"

 "What do you mean?" 

Of course, it hurt, but I didn't understand what he was getting at.

 "Nothing, really. Yesterday, you saw Avery crying on my lap, didn't you?"

 He smirked mockingly.

 "You didn't dare come in. With your character, you must have tested her when you got back, right? So, did she tell you? I'm her first love, the one she dated for four years, until her parents forced us apart."

 His tone was certain, hitting a nerve and almost making me lose my temper.

 Ethan, seeing the cracks in my strong facade, laughed, a sinister smile starkly different from the image he showed in front of our parents and Avery.

 His expression suddenly shifted to violent, "Does it hurt? 

No matter how much, it won't hurt more than me. I was a poor student from a mountain village, and no decent company was willing to give me a chance.

 My first love girlfriend of four years, when she first met her parents, was kicked out like a stray dog. 

When I returned to the mountains, those old folks beat and scolded me daily, saying they wasted their money sending me to school! 

Cursing me for not being able to earn money for their biological son to marry!

 While I was beaten and eating stale food, what were you doing? Enjoying your pampered life as a young master! And you stole my girlfriend!"

 "Our marital matters are none of your business." This is a madman. I can't go mad with him. I forced myself to stay calm.
