---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/61/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/61/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

My husband Jasper Reed's friend was excitedly calculating the odds of winning the rights over him, tossing a card with my photo on the table.

"A pair of aces, anyone interested?"

Jasper Reed looked indifferent, continuously spraying perfume around.

"No way. Just thinking about Adeline's stench polluting Phoebe Clark's air makes me sick!"

"Phoebe has been studying abroad for so long. You've waited patiently for her return, only for Adeline to taint it. She should be taught a lesson."

Jasper Reed sneered, "Teach her? That's a favor! I've never touched her. She probably can't wait to be auctioned off and become a 'real woman!'"

"I heard Phoebe hates Adeline's scent so much she gags at it, so Jasper has to disinfect himself every day."

Everyone burst into mocking laughter.

Someone then snatched the card, grinning lewdly, "Hey! This card's got a nice look. I'll take it home for comfort."

Their words were full of ridicule.

My face lost all color, and I staggered.

Their words felt like hammers pounding my chest, leaving me breathless.

Whenever I accidentally crossed the three-meter line, Jasper Reed would quickly dodge away.

I always thought I was the problem, disinfecting myself with alcohol repeatedly.

Because of this, my skin barrier was completely destroyed. Even slightly hot water would make my skin swell quickly.

Jasper Reed even custom-ordered two single beds for our bedroom to avoid any contact with me.

Driven to an emotional breakdown, I demanded an explanation.

He coldly threw me a diagnosis.

"I have severe germaphobia. You can't touch me anymore."

I thought he would eventually heal.

Now I know it was just a lie to stay faithful to another woman.

My heart ached with bitterness.

Jasper Reed and I were childhood sweethearts, engaged since we were young.

But he only had eyes for Phoebe Clark.

If it weren't for his mother being diagnosed with cancer, whose only wish was for us to fulfill our engagement, we wouldn't be together.

However, Jasper Reed's mother gave me a promise the night before our wedding:

"Addie, if Jasper ever wrongs you, you can end this marriage anytime."

Thinking of this, I sent Jasper Reed's mother a text:

"Mom, the auction in three days is proof of Jasper Reed's betrayal. I don't want this marriage anymore."