---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/120/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/120/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/120/1/"
---

That night, my stepmom gave birth to a healthy baby boy at the hospital.

The next day, I was ordered to apologize to her.

When only the two of us were left in the hospital room, she glanced at me and finally revealed a contemptuous and arrogant expression.

"Aren't you going to apologize?"

"I didn't push you! And I won't apologize for a child who should never have existed!"

"How can you call your own brother a child without legitimacy?"

She said seriously, "Indeed, this child was conceived before your parents divorced, but now I'm your dad's legitimate wife! He's a legitimate son!"

I gritted my teeth, "Do you remember my mom was your Professor?"

"Of course, because your mom was my mentor, I should take better care of her husband and you!"

I almost vomited, but she couldn't suppress the smile on her face any longer, speaking ambiguously and with delight, "Otherwise, wouldn't it be pitiful for him to have no woman to hold on long lonely nights?"

She glanced at me, feigning surprise, covering her mouth in mock horror, "Oh! Sorry! I forgot you're still a student. I shouldn't talk about such inappropriate things..."

She looked at me innocently and apologetically, then giggled.

My hands and feet went cold.

The dirtiest and most venomous insults were stuck in my throat, powerless in front of this devil.

Before my stepmom could finish laughing, the door suddenly swung open.

A tall boy with a backpack walked in.

My stepmom hurriedly hid her expression and turned back with a very gentle smile, calling out to the newcomer, "Asher."

Asher, my stepmom and her ex-husband's son.

It's said he's never placed anything but first since birth.

He's only a high school sophomore, yet top 10 universities nationwide are already competing for him, and he's even made a name for himself through entrepreneurship.

When they first moved into my house, I glimpsed the corner of a box.

It was filled with competition gold medals.

Golden and dazzling, just like Asher is to my stepmom, a shining gold crown.

It gives her confidence to be arrogant and radiant anytime, anywhere.

—It's so blinding.

It makes one want to... rip it off her head!

He put down a thermos, then glanced at me, "Why is she here?"

My stepmom sighed, "It's about that misunderstanding. Though Hazel pushed me, it's still my fault. Your uncle insists she apologizes, but I said it's unnecessary..."

"Then you should leave. I don't think my mom needs your apology."

Asher interrupted her.

I looked up to meet his cold eyes, biting my lip, turning to the stepmom, "What about my mom's belongings..."

But I stopped, shoulders slumping, and mumbled softly, "Never mind."