---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/120/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/120/5/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/120/3/"
---

That weekend, the garbage trucks hauled away all the trash, ending our garbage mountain ordeal.

During this time, thanks to my stepmom's "special instructions,"

Asher accompanied me almost every night to sneak out in search of those scattered belongings.

We searched through the trash in the silent nights, pretending not to know each other during the day.

While my stepmom was in the hospital, she often had my dad call me there.

She claimed it was to let me see my brother more and bond with him.

But whenever we were alone, she'd keep telling me, "The family's estate will all belong to your brother~"

She'd also say, "If you could be a good nanny to my little son and let him ride you like a horse, I'll let him give you some money as a dowry in the future, how about that?"

Seeing her so high and mighty, with a smug and wild expression, I'd always "tremble with rage."

Only after she had her fill of flaunting and bullying would I sling my bag and leave the hospital.

She didn't know that while she was "mentally abusing" me, her most prized son, Asher, waited for me at the hospital entrance.

He didn't seem to like his newborn brother much, spending little time in the hospital room.

But he'd wait for me downstairs for a long time.

"What's so fun about the kid? You never want to leave."

He thought I liked that brat.

I'd look at him with a smile and nod, saying he's cute.

Every time, Asher would shake his head, unable to understand.

Then he'd take me out to eat, visit bookstores, and even go to shops girls like, letting me pick whatever I wanted.

He'd tell me not to save his money.

"I've already made quite a bit, don't tell my mom."

He looked somewhat proud, and I'd happily swipe his card.

He's so good to me, more and more like a brother who dotes on his sister.

[Are kids really that fun? You always seem reluctant to leave.]

He assumed I liked that little rascal.

I always smiled at him, nodding and saying, "Adorable."

Whenever I did, Asher would shake his head, looking puzzled. Then he'd take me out to eat, visit bookstores, and even go to jewelry stores that girls love. He'd tell me to buy whatever I liked.

"Don't try to save money for me."

He looked a bit smug, and I delightedly used his card. He treated me so well, more and more like a brother who dotes on his sister. This also meant that the leverage I had was increasing.

When I spent most of his savings on a luxury watch for myself, he was displeased.

"The diamonds are too small. I'll get you a better one next time."

I touched the watch, blushing and smiling.

Because... the moment had arrived!