---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/236/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/236/more/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

I was born with a gift, or maybe a curse: my blood heals anything.

Last time around, I cured some rich boy, Preston Fairchild, who couldn't move his legs.

Turns out, his family had promised that whoever fixed him would become his wife.

He was forced to marry me. Can you believe that?

Then Preston's real girlfriend, Scarlett, who’d been risking her life to find some rare flower to cure him, heard the news and, heartbroken, fell off a cliff and was presumed dead.

A year later, Preston found Scarlett's body frozen in the mountains.

And guess what? He made me cut my wrists open to save her.

"You bitch! If Scarlett had brought back that flower, we could have been happy together. You ruined everything!"

"You claim your blood is magic, then bring her back to life!"

I begged him, tears streaming down my face.

"Scarlett has been dead for a year. I can heal, not raise the dead."

But Preston wouldn't listen. He just watched me bleed out.

When I woke up, I was back at the Fairchilds' mansion, the day they asked me to heal Preston.

I looked at him in that wheelchair, his face like thunder, and gave a cold smile.

"Your legs, Preston, they're as good as gone. Nobody can fix them."

1

Preston slowly looked up at me, his eyes burning with anger.

"Get out, you quack!"

I raised an eyebrow and turned to his mother.

"Mrs. Fairchild, let me tell you, if the Jiangs can't cure it, it's hopeless. While you're still young, maybe think about having another kid."

Before I knew it, Preston threw his teacup right at me.

I dodged it just in time.

The expensive teacup shattered on the floor.

Mrs. Fairchild jumped and started apologizing.

"Oh, Miss Jiang, I'm so sorry. Preston's just upset because of his condition..."

I waved it off.

"I understand. It's normal for a useless, paralyzed man to be bitter."

Preston was shaking with rage. I smirked, turned, and walked out of the Fairchilds' mansion.

Mrs. Fairchild chased after me, begging in a low voice.

"Miss Jiang, isn't there anything you can do? I've heard the Jiangs have secret healing powers. If you can fix Preston's legs, the Fairchilds will give you anything you want."

But it wasn't that I couldn't heal him, it's that I wouldn't.

Last time, Preston blamed me for Scarlett's death. He was convinced that if she'd brought back that flower, he would have been cured.

If he'd just thought for a second, he would have realized that flower was just a fancy supplement.

Its so-called healing powers were all hype.

But when he found out I used my blood to heal his legs, he watched me die to save Scarlett.

Right before I died, I heard the Fairchilds' servants talking.

Scarlett hadn't fallen off a cliff while getting that flower at all. She'd been dumped off the cliff by the wife of some rich dude, when she'd been caught trying to steal him away.

This time, I was staying out of their mess. I hoped they'd be happy together.

"I can't help your son with his legs."

Preston followed me out, his voice tight with fury.

"Mom, Scarlett is already on her way to the mountains. Once she brings back that flower, my legs will be fine."

"I don't need anyone else worrying about my problems."

Mrs. Fairchild sighed.

"That flower might help him a little, but it won't make him walk again. The Jiangs are his last hope..."

Preston was stubborn.

"I said, Scarlett will heal me."

I gave Preston one last look, said goodbye to Mrs. Fairchild, and left.

As soon as I walked out the gate, a black SUV pulled up, and a woman jumped out and kneeled in front of me.

"Miss Jiang, please, save my son..."

2

Turns out, Preston's rival, Spencer Ford, had also been hurt in that accident a year ago.

After the crash, Spencer was basically a vegetable.

But after what happened to me last time, I wasn't about to go around saving people with my blood. So, I told Mrs. Ford no.

She didn't beg, just wiped away her tears and left.

A week later, I got an invitation to a Fairchilds' party.

Scarlett was back with that flower. Mrs. Fairchild thought the flower was a scam, so she asked me to come and check it out.

Scarlett was clinging to Preston's side the whole time.

Mrs. Fairchild grabbed my hand, looking worried.

"It's not that I think Scarlett's flower won't work, I'm just afraid of Preston being disappointed again. He won't be able to handle it."

"We've tried everything this past year. I've watched the hope in his eyes slowly disappear. As a mother, I can't take it..."

Before I could say anything, Scarlett pushed Preston over to us.

"Don't worry, Mrs. Fairchild, I'm going to make sure Preston walks again. I almost died in those mountains for this flower."

Preston squeezed Scarlett's hand, looking all grateful.

"Scarlett, once I'm back on my feet, I'm going to throw you the wedding of the century."

"I believe in you, Preston."

Scarlett turned to me, a strange look on her face.

"I'm not like those lying doctors. I know I can fix Preston's legs."

The doctors who had been trying to heal Preston looked pissed.

"Miss Scarlett, you sure talk big. You really think you can heal Preston?"

"You're not even a doctor. How dare you question our abilities?"

"Even Miss Jiang from the famous Jiang family says Preston's legs can't be fixed. I don't believe some blonde bimbo can do it!"

Preston thought Scarlett was being a little too aggressive, but he still defended her.

"I know Scarlett can heal me!"

I couldn't help but laugh.

Scarlett thought I was making fun of her.

She gritted her teeth, forcing a smile.

"Miss Jiang, I've heard you're the best doctor in the Jiang family. But you turned down the Fairchilds and the Fords. It makes you wonder if you even know how to heal."

I smiled.

"I can't wait to see Scarlett make Preston walk."

Scarlett bit her lip, seeing that I wasn't angry.

"Are you mad because I stole your thunder? I know Mrs. Fairchild likes you and wants you to marry Preston. But I'm the only one who can fix his legs now."

Preston, sitting in his wheelchair, sneered.

"Jiang Wan, even if you could heal me, I wouldn't marry you. Besides, you're a quack. When my mom told me about you, I thought you were someone special. Guess not."

"Let me tell you something. Scarlett is the only woman I love. I'm marrying her and no one else."

"Even if you keep showing up, I won't even look at you twice."

Watching them go back and forth, I just felt annoyed.

"Mrs. Fairchild asked me to check Scarlett's flower. Since Preston trusts her so much, I don't need to stick around."

I turned to leave, but Scarlett blocked my way.

"Jiang Wan, what's that supposed to mean?"

I frowned.

"Exactly what I said. If you don't get it, look it up!"

Scarlett scoffed.

"Jiang Wan, you wanna bet? Let's see who can heal Preston's legs. The loser kneels down and apologizes, and never sets foot in this city again!"

I stopped, turned, and looked at her.

"I'll take that bet, but I'm not healing Preston. I'm healing Spencer Ford!"

3

"Ten days. Let's see if you can make Preston walk or if I can wake up Spencer."

"Scarlett, you game?"

The place went nuts when I said that.

"Isn't that Ford kid a vegetable? That's way harder than fixing Preston's legs."

"Yeah, the Fords are only keeping him alive with a ton of money. Otherwise, he'd be dead."

"If Miss Jiang can wake up Spencer, that'll be a miracle!"

"Even a month is too short. How could she do it in ten days?"

Scarlett's eyes lit up when she heard everyone talking.

"Deal. Everyone here is a witness. Jiang Wan, you can't back out when you lose."

I nodded.

"I'm not going to lose."

Preston smirked.

"Spencer's practically dead. You can't even heal my legs, and you think you can wake him up? Jiang Wan, if you give up now, I might consider not kicking you out of this city."

My eyes flicked to his legs.

"Preston, be careful. Too much of Scarlett's 'medicine' and you might end up with some weird disease on top of your paralysis."

I turned and left.

Scarlett was just some college student. There's no way she could heal Preston's paralysis.

That night, news of our bet spread all over town.

Some people even started betting on who would win. Preston, to encourage Scarlett, bet a million dollars on her.

The next morning, Mrs. Ford picked me up.

I took out the blood medicine I'd made and gave it to Spencer.

He would wake up in seven days.

"Miss Jiang, thank you. Whether or not Spencer wakes up, the Fords will never forget what you've done."

"If you need anything, just ask. We'll do whatever we can."

Mrs. Ford started to kneel again.

I quickly stopped her.

"Mrs. Ford, I'm not saving Spencer for anything. I just want to win."

"Don't worry, I'll wake Spencer up."

Mrs. Ford teared up.

"I've heard about your bet with Scarlett. The Fords have bet a million on you. We'll give you all the winnings."

"Don't refuse, Miss Jiang. You deserve it."

Before I could say anything, Scarlett pushed Preston into the room.

"So, that's why you offered to save Spencer. You wanted the Ford's money."

Scarlett grabbed Mrs. Ford's hand.

"Mrs. Ford, don't be fooled by Jiang Wan. She can't even heal Preston's legs. How could she wake up Spencer? You'll lose all your money."

Mrs. Ford pushed her hand away.

"I trust Jiang Wan. I don't need your help, Scarlett."

Scarlett pouted.

"I was just trying to help..."

Preston, seeing the tears in Scarlett's eyes, got furious.

"Mrs. Ford, I've known Spencer for years. You can trust me, right? Jiang Wan is a quack. Don't let her treat Spencer."

I stopped Mrs. Ford and looked at Preston's legs.

"Preston, have you noticed your legs are getting weaker?"

4

Preston quickly covered his legs with his coat.

"Jiang Wan, what are you talking about? My legs are better since Scarlett started giving me medicine."

Scarlett looked panicked and stood in front of Preston.

"Jiang Wan, you don't know anything. It's just a normal reaction to the medicine. Preston will be walking in a few days."

"You're in trouble yourself. Focus on waking up Spencer."

I smiled and didn't say anything.

That day, after I gave Spencer his medicine, Mrs. Fairchild sent me a video of Scarlett making Preston's medicine.

Besides the usual stuff, Scarlett added a few drops of some liquid, but the bottle had no label.

Suddenly, something stirred in the hospital bed.

I quickly got up and went over to him.

"Spencer, you're awake?"

"Jiang Wan?"

Spencer blinked and looked at me.

"Do you know me?" I asked confused.

Before he could answer, Mrs. Ford rushed in and hugged him.

I left them alone.

As soon as I walked out, Mrs. Fairchild sent me another video of Preston's legs getting worse.

That liquid Scarlett was using was definitely the cause.

Last time, Preston was so sure that Scarlett's flower would heal him.

I wondered if this time, when Scarlett ruined his legs, Preston would still love her and want to marry her.

Spencer had been doing physical therapy and was already walking.

Soon, it was the tenth day.

All the rich people came to the Fairchilds' to watch. Everyone had money on this bet.

When Spencer and I walked into the party, everyone stared.

"Is that Spencer? Am I seeing things? He's really awake?"

"I bet five million on Scarlett!"

"The Jiangs are amazing. They can heal people everyone else has given up on."

Scarlett's face turned white when she heard everyone talking.

She looked at me in disbelief.

"You actually woke up Spencer?"

I smirked.

"You lost. Time to pay up, right?"

Everyone stared at her, waiting for her to break.

"Miss Scarlett, a bet's a bet. You need to kneel and apologize."

"Hurry up and kneel, then get out of this city."

Scarlett looked up at the second floor, looking anxious and scared.

"I..."

Just as she was about to kneel, Preston yelled from the second floor.

"Who says we lost?"

Everyone looked up.

Preston was standing at the top of the stairs.

"Oh my god, Preston can walk again?"

"Scarlett's amazing. Even Jiang Wan couldn't do it."

"They're both healed. Who wins?"

Scarlett grinned at me.

"See? Preston can walk!"

Preston looked down at me.

"Jiang Wan, you said no one could heal me, but here I am. Are you going to admit you're a quack?"

I shook my head.

"Preston, your legs might have been curable before, but now they're hopeless."

He glared at me, clenching his jaw.

"Jiang Wan, just keep lying to yourself!"

He started walking down the stairs.

I counted down in my head.

"One, two, three..."

"Ten."

Then, there was a loud crash. He tripped and fell down the stairs.

Someone screamed.

"Oh my god! What happened to Preston's legs!"&nbsp;&nbsp;
