---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/281/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/281/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/281/1/"
---


Beside me, Mrs. Davies' lips trembled with rage. She snatched the phone from my hand.

"Do you even know what happened to your son?! You're still out there with that hussy!"

Julian's voice was cold, filled with impatience.

"So he was locked up for a bit. What's the big deal? If Scarlett hadn't corrupted our son, making him intentionally target Brittany, why would I have punished him?"

"Mom, can you stop being so ridiculous? I married her back just as you wanted. What more do you want?"

Mr. Davies' face turned crimson with anger. He roared,

"You get back here right now!"

But from the other end, I heard Brittany's tearful voice.

"Julian, is it your family causing trouble again?"

Julian sighed impatiently.

"Dad, Mom, please stop this nonsense. Brittany and I will be back after our trip."

The call disconnected. I felt completely hollowed out, staring despairingly at Mr. and Mrs. Davies.

"Leo is gone. I have nothing left. Let me go."

Just then, the police arrived, having received a call. They took us to the station.

Soon, the autopsy results came out.

"The deceased's cause of death was asphyxiation in a confined space. His fingernails were torn off, flesh ripped, and bones exposed. This indicates extreme struggle and attempts to break free before death."

"We've taken the house's housekeeper in for questioning. Now, please tell us what you know."

After ensuring we weren't deliberately abusing the child, the police's attitude softened considerably.

Maria, who had been summoned, was in tears.

"Mr. Davies was the one who locked the child in the closet. And to prevent us from letting the child out, he sent all of us away."

"I was worried about Leo, so after Mr. Davies left, I immediately rushed back to let him out."

"When I opened the closet, there was blood everywhere, and the child's face was blue."

I couldn't imagine what Leo had endured in that closet. He must have been so scared and in so much pain.

He must have been screaming for his mom to save him in his last moments.

