---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/281/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/281/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/281/2/"
---


For a moment, the world spun around me, my head buzzing, and my body felt like dead weight, collapsing onto the police station chair.

Mrs. Davies, seeing my state, couldn't bear it and pulled me into her embrace. Finally, Mr. Davies spoke.

"Scarlett, it's our fault. Our family failed to raise Julian properly."

I covered my face with my hands, large tears rolling down my cheeks, and I sobbed, gut-wrenching cries tearing from my throat.

Fifteen years ago, my parents died, leaving behind a vast inheritance. My relatives swarmed me, like vultures circling prey.

At that time, Julian and I were practically childhood sweethearts. Mr. and Mrs. Davies stepped in, helping me secure my parents' legacy.

The day Mr. and Mrs. Davies brought me home, Julian held my hand, his eyes filled with love and a firm determination to protect me.

He had promised then that he would be good to me forever, that he would always protect me.

But after our son was born, he grew increasingly distant and busy. Until I saw him, the man who claimed to be in a meeting, with his arm around Brittany Miller, splurging cash at the mall.

I screamed, demanding to know why he was doing this to me, but he just shoved me away in disgust, looking down on me with contempt.

"Enough. Look at yourself. You don't hold a candle to Brittany."

In that moment, I suddenly understood that all the love we once shared had vanished like smoke.

Yet, a sliver of hope lingered in my heart. I quietly stayed home, caring for our child, managing Julian's life, hoping that one day he would change his mind.

But this time, for Brittany Miller, he actually laid hands on his own child.

Mr. Davies lowered his head, his face etched with sorrow, his voice choked.

"Our child was killed by him. How could our family produce such an animal?"

"Tomorrow, after Leo's cremation, if you wish to leave, take his ashes with you. Our family has wronged you greatly."

I struggled to my feet, bowing deeply to Mr. and Mrs. Davies.

"Thank you for your help all those years ago. I'm taking Leo and leaving this place. I won't be coming back. Please take good care of yourselves."

