---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/390/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/390/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/390/1/"
---

After that, I sealed away the pocket watch and never looked at it again.
Three more hazy years passed.
In between, when gathering or socializing with those fair-weather friends and business partners, people would repeatedly bring up Jack while raising their glasses in front of me:
"I have to say, Mr. Shen, you really are cold-hearted."
"Although I don't quite understand that kind of relationship between two men. But you and Jack were together for what, seven years?"
"He died just like that in a car accident, and you don't seem the least bit upset these past few years."
What nonsense.
How could I not be upset?
Every time I opened and closed my eyes I could see Jack.
Even in my dreams, it was still him.
But on the surface, I remained unmoved.
I took a sip from the glass in front of me and casually said, "What do I have to be upset about?"
"Jack and I... were only together for business reasons."
"It's good that he's dead... clean," I said. As soon as the words left my mouth, several people around seemed stunned.
I smiled carelessly, clinked my glass with the person opposite me.
Then threw back the last bit of liquor left in the glass.
"Think about it, with no one to control me anymore, how free am I now, right?"
"No more of this clingy guy by my side every day getting jealous over nothing, upset for hours if I so much as glanced at another handsome man. The way I am now, how carefree, don't you think?"
I lowered my head and smiled: "Besides, he left behind quite a large inheritance."
"If I just focused on grieving, it would be quite a waste of all that money. Don't you agree?"
The air grew increasingly tense.
I looked around.
Guessing that though these people were silent now, as soon as they left they would surely spread rumors.
Saying I had long grown tired of Jack, that I had only been with him those years for his money and power. Now that he died unexpectedly, it suited me perfectly. They didn't know how happy I must be inside.
It seemed like a very long time passed.
Finally someone slapped their thigh, breaking the awkward atmosphere:
"Right, exactly! Whether it was true love or not, the person's already gone, it's all in the past, why keep bringing it up?"
"If you ask me," the person turned back to look at me,
"Mr. Shen. I happen to be going to the C3 district tomorrow, there are quite a few handsome young men there. Why don't you come along and take a look, if you fancy anyone, just bring one back?"
I glanced at him, not taking the bait.
I picked up another glass of alcohol from the table in front of me.