---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/277/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/277/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---


Just a few days ago, I caught Julian secretly meeting up with some other woman behind my back.

I was furious, but I didn't have the guts to confront him. After all this time married to him, I was still a virgin.

I figured there was no point torturing myself. His heart wasn't with me anyway, so let him do whatever he wanted. I could just coast through life.

After all, both Mom and I had married into the Richardson family. It wouldn't look good if I caused a fuss on my own.

Then, this morning, I found an STD diagnosis report in Julian's study.

That was it. I couldn't sit still anymore. I was going to find Mom and discuss getting a divorce.

But then, I ran right into Julian at the villa's entrance. He'd suddenly come home.

"Where are you rushing off to?"

I was surprised he was suddenly showing concern, but the thought of his infected body made my stomach churn.

I deliberately kept my distance, my voice sharp and cold.

"Can't I go home to my mom's place?"

"You never treated me like family anyway. Why bother with the fake concern?"

Julian, usually so stoic, actually smirked.

Hands in his pockets, he took a few thoughtful steps towards me.

"Perfect timing. I'm going back to my dad's place too. It's on the way. Let's go together."

As if! Who'd want to go with him? Who knew what kind of nasty stuff he might have picked up?

Besides, I was going back to talk about divorce. He absolutely couldn't know.

I held up both hands.

"I'm going to my mom's to have a heart-to-heart. What business is it of yours?"

"Don't you have work to do? Or did your mistress finally ditch you?"

I spun around and walked quickly towards the car. To my surprise, Julian didn't get angry. He just followed me right into the car.

I'd never seen him so thick-skinned before.

The car was eerily quiet. Julian kept glancing at me, making my skin crawl.

When we got married, I genuinely hoped we'd grow old together. I never imagined he'd be so reckless.

At first, I thought maybe I just wasn't attractive enough for him.

So Mom gave me tons of advice, telling me to dress a little more feminine.

I secretly bought a bunch of lingerie and "romantic" items on Amazon and tried to parade them in front of Julian when he came home from work.

Not only did he not react at all, but he almost kicked me out of the house!

After that, all the staff in the villa seemed to think I was the unloved President's wife.

Even the cook started treating me like dirt, saying nasty things.

I was so sick of it. Julian didn't stop the servants from mocking me; he just let them do it.

I figured he just didn't like me and was trying to force me out.

Fine, if that's what he wanted, I'd give it to him.

Finally, we arrived at Richard's old mansion. I practically jumped out of the car, gasping for fresh air, even fanning my nose in disgust.

Julian looked utterly speechless, scratching the back of his head.

"Scarlett, you seem really upset with me today. Did I do something wrong?"

Upset with him *today*? My hatred for him had been simmering since our wedding night.

When I didn't answer, Julian didn't say anything else. He just quietly followed behind me.

My reason for visiting Mom today wasn't simple, and I absolutely couldn't let Julian, that eavesdropper, hear a word.

So the moment we walked in, I dodged his gaze and dashed straight to Mom's bedroom.

