---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 5"
novel_index: "/novels/518/"
chapter_number: 5
next_chapter: "/novels/518/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/518/4/"
---


"Bella Tang, what are you doing?"
"Is this the wild man who sent you 100 expensive gifts and is now your top fan?"
"You've even brought him home?"
I was stunned by the scolding.
Yes.
Besides having a talent for eating since I was little,
People always said I was slow to react and not very smart at other times.
My ex-boyfriend Chris rushed up to Zach, trying to grab his collar.
A flash of darkness passed through Zach's eyes.
I quickly blocked him. With Big Strong's small frame,
He might get flipped over if Chris grabbed him.
"Chris, what are you doing at my place?"
Chris glared.
"Bella Tang, I'm your boyfriend!"
"You're talking nonsense. We broke up long ago. How did you get in?"
Chris stuck out his neck.
"We may have broken up but we can get back together. I've taken the initiative to come find you. Let's make up."
"Did you move on so quickly? And with someone like this? Like this..."
??
He looked Zach up and down with disgust.
Deliberately rolling up his sleeve.
Showing off a bit of his bicep.
"This skinny dog! Bella Tang, have you gone blind?"
His words were inappropriate.
Big Strong may be thin, but his face is whiter than a girl's, with slightly messy bangs.
A high nose bridge, and lips that look...
Like peach-flavored mochi, very delicious.
I shook my head. Gosh, what am I thinking?
I used to think Chris was handsome enough, but comparing them side by side, tsk tsk, better not compare.
"What nonsense are you spouting?"
"We broke up long ago. If you dare come again, I'll... I'll call the police to arrest you!"
Chris stormed out, slamming the door.
"Bella Tang? Are you sure?"
"I gave you a chance!"
"Who else could put up with how much you eat!"
I kicked the flowers at him.
My hand shook as I closed the door. I frowned, how did Chris have a key to my place?
I turned to see Zach striding into his apartment across the hall.
As he closed the door, he left a crack, revealing a mocking eye.
"Ex-boyfriend? Your taste really is bad!"
"I suggest you change your lock."
