---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/178/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/178/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

When I announced I wanted to go abroad to assist, Dad and Mom looked at me in shock.

"Cora, have you really thought this through? What about your engagement with the Jiang family? Don’t you love Jasper from the Jiang family?"

I swallowed hard, recalling the pain of having my limbs broken. "Dad, I’ve decided to go abroad to help. As for the engagement, let my sister and Jasper decide. I’m not marrying him."

Mom stared at me, seemingly trying to discern something from my eyes.

Seeing the determination in my eyes, she sighed and finally agreed to my request.

Just as I turned to pack my luggage, there was a hurried knock at the door.

Jasper rushed in like a madman and hugged Nora.

His eyes were red, and he was panting heavily.

"Thank God, I made it in time," Jasper murmured to himself, holding Nora even tighter.

After a long silence, he let go of Nora and turned to Mom.

"Auntie, the one I love isn’t Cora but Nora. We’ve already pledged our lives to each other!"

He knelt, eyes moist, looking at Dad and Mom. "Please, Auntie and Uncle, let us be. Annul my engagement with Cora and betroth me to Nora."

I froze for a moment.

It seemed Jasper was also reborn.

I clenched my fists, forcing myself to calm down.

"Jasper..." I was about to tell him I wanted to break off the engagement when he interrupted me.

"Cora, I’d never marry a woman like you! If I can’t marry Nora, I’d rather remain single forever!"

His face twisted with anger, yelling at me.

He looked just like he did in the past life, crazily seeking revenge on me.

I shrank back, and Mom stepped forward to gently hold me.

"Jasper, calm down. Cora already said she wants to go abroad to help. Since you and Nora are in love, prepare to marry her then!"

Dad patted Jasper’s shoulder and spoke in a deep voice.

Jasper was stunned for a moment, then his face lit up with wild joy. He excitedly kissed Nora.

"Thank you, Uncle, for allowing this. Nora, we can finally be together."

Even though I knew what kind of person he was, my heart still ached.

Jasper held Nora’s hand and left the house to discuss wedding plans.

After they left, Mom and Dad were about to head back to their rooms to continue working, but I stopped them.

"Mom, Dad, this time I’m going abroad, I plan to live there long term. I won’t come back unless necessary."

Mom looked back at me, and she came forward to pat my back.

"Child, I know, you’ve been wronged."

"If that’s what you want, then go. Mom and Dad will always support you!"