---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/125/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/125/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/125/2/"
---

After this social suicide, I became infamous in the company.

The employee group chat gossiped about me all afternoon.

"Have you all heard about Olivia from the strategy department?"

"LOL, looks like even the boss has fangirls now!"

"Isn't the boss dating Emma? Is Olivia trying to be the other woman?"

"Just because she's pretty, she thinks she can take shortcuts. Now she's crashed and burned!"

"Could it be that she meant to send it to her boyfriend and accidentally sent it to the wrong person?"

"No way it was sent to the wrong person. I'm in her department and I've never heard of her having a boyfriend. I've never seen a boyfriend send her flowers or pick her up after work or anything. Besides, even if it was meant for her boyfriend, how could she mistake the profile picture? She's not blind! No matter how you look at it, it's impossible!"

"Haha, what a schemer! Pretty women always have tricks up their sleeves. She's probably dreaming of becoming the boss's wife."

After lurking for a while, I was about to sulk quietly when Lily passionately jumped in: "You lot sure know how to run your mouths! If you're not acting like donkeys, you're croaking like frogs. If your mouths are so idle, go lick a toilet bowl instead of spreading rumors here! Get lost!!"

Immediately, a "righteous judge" in the group spoke up: "Your words are too crude. Our company culture is to be tolerant of others. Is it necessary to be so aggressive? If there are messages you don't like to see, can't you just ignore them?"

Lily: "You get lost too!"

"We're all colleagues here. Is there any need to be so hostile in your speech? Can't you be a little more polite?"

Lily was very receptive to the advice: "OK, please get lost!"

The gossip group quieted down for a while, then started spreading rumors that I had a crush on Marcus.

It made me laugh angrily. I typed forcefully: "Yes, at my purest, I could have crushes on 80 people in a semester."

"Also, I have depression and I'm quite sensitive. Let me spread the rumors myself, I don't trust you guys to do it."