---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/493/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/493/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/493/1/"
---


As soon as we returned to the Blackwood mansion,

Brandon immediately ordered me to kneel and help Seraphina change her shoes.

I was barely a second slow when he kicked me, sending me sprawling.

"Useless trash! What good are you for?

"Are you only good for acting like a slut and serving those animals?"

Seraphina whined sweetly, "Brandon, don't break my servant. Who will fan me when I sleep tonight?"

I clenched my fists, my teeth grinding audibly.

This was the life my sister had endured!

To torment her, Brandon not only made her kneel in the room, listening to him and Seraphina have sex through a screen,

Sometimes he even forced my sister to go in and hold Seraphina up so they could complete complicated positions.

When they finished, my sister had to clean up their disgusting mess.

In the middle of summer, when they could easily have turned on the air conditioning,

Seraphina, citing her allergies, made my sister stay up all night, fanning her manually.

My sister initially resisted, but the consequence was Brandon taking out his anger on our parents.

First, they were falsely accused and suspended from their jobs without cause.

Then, the news spread online, and some brainless fanatics harassed my parents in real life.

Once, my mother was so traumatized she ended up in the hospital, almost not making it.

From then on, my sister never dared to defy Brandon.

She clung to life like a dog, barely surviving!

She never told me about any of the pain or suffering she endured.

Because of my work, I could only talk to her once in a long while.

Yet, every time, she was always cheerful, never complaining once.

She would even remind me to take care of myself and not worry, saying she would look after Mom and Dad.

"This kind of slut would have gone bad ages ago. Everyone said not to take her, but some fortune teller insisted she'd bring wealth to the family."

"My old-fashioned dad forced me to marry her."

Brandon brought it up, looking like he wanted to tear my flesh off. "If it weren't for her, I'd already be married to the woman I truly love."

"So you never loved her?" Sister, I stared at Brandon, asking each word slowly.

My mind replayed my sister's radiant smile when she said she was getting married.

Little did she know that a beast had woven a deadly lie for her,

Ending her young life forever in the summer she turned twenty-three.

"Why would I care for a clingy leech? Just smelling her made me sick, and she kept dreaming of Cinderella and Prince Charming." Brandon's eyes looked at me like I was a maggot.

Seraphina pretended to be kind, patting Brandon to signal him to stop, then reached out to me.

"Sister, please get up."

I saw malice in her eyes, then brushed her hand away and stood up myself.

I looked up, and a painting caught my eye.

It was a nude painting of Seraphina.

Her pale body lay on vibrant roses, beautiful and alluring.

But I felt a chill run through me.

Because the roses in that painting were painted with my sister's blood.

She hadn't slept a wink, except for a brief moment of comfort, and every day she had to let Seraphina draw her blood for painting.

If she was even a little slow, Brandon would lock her in a cage and force her to fight for food with wild dogs.

Just imagining those scenes made me want to tear the two people in front of me to shreds.

"You damn dare to glare at me!"

Brandon furiously shoved me, sending me flying.

I covered my swollen face, silent for a moment.

Suddenly, I grabbed Seraphina.

I opened my mouth and bit into the soft flesh of her neck.

As she shrieked in terror, I slowly increased the pressure.

The taste of blood surged through my nerve endings.

Every cell screamed, "Kill her."

Brandon saw my mouth covered in blood and finally reacted.

He pulled me off forcefully.

I spat the bitten-off piece of flesh onto his face.

"Crazy bitch! Send her to the monastery! This time, unless I say so, she can die there for all I care!"

Brandon roared, enraged.

As I was dragged away, I smiled.

I was just looking for an excuse to go back to that place.

