---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/48/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/48/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/48/1/"
---

I looked coldly at Daniel. In our five years of marriage, I had apologized countless times.

Apologized for mistakes in documents.

Apologized for disturbing his work.

Apologized even for seeing him go to hotels with Olivia...

Swallowing my grievances, I knelt on the ground and kowtowed to Olivia three times, saying "I'm sorry" with each bow.

I looked indifferently at Daniel and spoke flatly: "Is that enough?"

Staring at the blood on my forehead, he paused before speaking with disgust:

"Who are you putting on this act for? If you want to leave, then leave. You're bad luck. Don't end up harming Olivia and her child."

Seeing he didn't seem to want to trouble me further, I breathed a sigh of relief and quietly left the Thompson mansion.

I took a taxi to the hospital and received my parents' death certificates from the doctor.

They had died last week, but Daniel was still using them to threaten me.

At the time, the hospital called asking me to pay the bills. My salary hadn't come in yet, so I called Daniel crying, but all my calls went unanswered.

I tracked his location and rushed to the hotel, but the lobby manager wouldn't let me in.

I didn't care and kicked open the door, immediately seeing Olivia half-naked on the bed.

He hurriedly covered her, speaking fiercely:

"Who allowed you to come in?! Get out!"

I knelt down outside the door and begged:

"Can you lend me $50,000? I..."

Before I could finish, he cut me off:

"Are you deaf? I told you to get out! Forget $50,000, I won't even give you $5. Assistant! Throw her out!"

I knelt on the ground begging desperately, crying my heart out, gasping for breath, with no shred of dignity left.

I saw Olivia provocatively showing off the ring on her ring finger.

The unique diamond ring was priceless - she couldn't afford it. I knew Daniel must have given it to her.

But I had no energy to argue with him. I crawled over and grabbed Olivia's feet, pleading:

"Olivia, I won't fight you for anything. Please lend me $50,000, I'm begging you."

But her response was a cold snort, followed by Daniel's slap that sent me crashing to the floor beside the bed.

"I told you to get out!"

I was thrown out of the hotel and brought home by his assistant, forced to kneel on the cold tiles in the living room.

I was ordered to apologize non-stop. If I slacked off even a little, a bucket of cold water would be poured over me.

It was at this time that my parents died in the hospital when their oxygen machines stopped working.

Looking at my parents' death certificates, tears unconsciously fell from my eyes. I cried heartbrokenly, attracting attention from many people.

The doctor told me to restrain my grief and took me to identify my parents' bodies in the morgue.

I had my parents' bodies cremated and carefully placed the ashes in urns.

My once loving parents had become two wooden boxes. Unable to accept it, I fainted at the crematorium from overwhelming grief.