---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 5"
novel_index: "/novels/261/"
chapter_number: 5
next_chapter: "/novels/261/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/261/4/"
---


The next day, the art exhibition opened grandly.

I wore a floor-length gown, its tailored cut highlighting my slender waist, the diamond necklace around my neck dazzling brightly. Every movement exuded nobility, captivating the entire room.

I saw the awe in Julian’s eyes.

And pride.

But just then, a sudden car accident shocked the entire city.

The moment Julian glimpsed the injured person on someone’s phone,

He trembled all over, his eyes bloodshot.

He didn’t care that we were at the exhibition, he abandoned me and rushed off.

After excusing myself to the organizers, I drove to follow him.

Julian was holding Blair, leaving without a backward glance.

I was completely blindsided.

Blair? When did she come back?

Right, only she could make Julian act so recklessly, so utterly without a care.

Blair was critically injured, in a coma, her life hanging by a thread.

When Julian saw me arrive, his face was filled with rage.

He grabbed my collar, roaring, “Was it you? When did you know she was back?!”

My eyes widened in shock, tears streaming down my face. “Julian, we’ve been married for eight years. Do you really not know me at all?”

Julian was blinded by fury, not listening to any explanation, and he violently flung me away.

The next day, I received the divorce papers.

I was sitting on the living room sofa, still holding a freshly brewed cup of hot tea.

When the assistant handed me the divorce papers, my hand shook uncontrollably, splashing hot tea that scalded my skin, but I didn’t even feel it.

My gaze fell on the agreement, my lips trembled, tears streamed down my face. My heart felt as if it had been struck by a heavy hammer, our past affection shattered to pieces.

After steadying myself, I signed without hesitation.

Let it be.

No more fear, no more anxiety.

It was time to return what didn’t belong to me.

What wasn’t mine had no need for entanglement.

It was pouring outside, and I took nothing with me.

I sat by the door all night long.

Julian never came home.


“Let’s meet, my dearest best friend.” Blair’s provocative message came through.

I thought it over and over, then decided to go.

Some things, I needed to get clear.