---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/97/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/97/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/97/1/"
---

When I saw their exposed leg muscles, I couldn't help but shout out in surprise. My shout attracted some villagers who hadn't gone far. When they saw my parents' legs, a few uncles who got close were also surprised and stunned.

The Caregiver, who was waiting outside to watch the show, came in and was so angry her face twisted. But I was left with only shock in my heart. It seemed my parents had put in a lot of effort to pretend to be crippled. Even though I hit them with full force, they didn't make a sound, only their leg muscles trembled uncontrollably.

I sneered; they probably ground their teeth to dust. The Caregiver came over and pushed me.

"Logan, how could you hit your own parents? Truly unfilial!"

"If they hadn't worked so hard to earn those words for you to live comfortably, they wouldn't have suffered like this! And you still hit them!"

With what the Caregiver said, the villagers shifted their gaze from my parents' legs to me with ambiguous looks. But I directly lay on the ground, crying and yelling.

"Auntie, I just couldn't accept this blow and didn't want to believe it! I wanted to see if they still had any feeling."

"I can't believe they are paralyzed. Our Chloe is still so young, hasn't been held by Mom and Dad enough."

"And, didn't I hear that my parents were injured at the construction site? But I just looked at their legs; they don't look injured at all."

"That's right, Ethan's legs indeed don't look paralyzed; they are all good meat, and I think I saw a muscle twitch just now."

The Caregiver was momentarily stunned by my sudden questioning and took a while to come up with an explanation.

"You child, do you think your parents would lie to you about being paralyzed? You hit them so hard, and they didn't react at all."

"Their legs just look fine on the outside but really can't stand up."

"Really?"

I deliberately looked at the Caregiver with skepticism. She thought she had convinced me and quickly urged me to take care of Chloe.

But I naively stood in front of her.

"My parents got so injured at the construction site. Won't the site compensate them?"

The Caregiver was stunned. My parents hadn't taught her how to cover this lie. Of course, I knew they were pretending to be crippled; I just wasn't willing to accept it. They thought they could enjoy everything, leaving all the mess to me? Dream on.

I coldly looked at the Caregiver, who knew the truth.

"Isn't the construction site willing to pay? Auntie, tell me where the site is, and I'll go find them tomorrow. If they don't pay, I'll live stream to expose them."

Cold sweat dripped down the Caregiver's forehead. She probably didn't expect the obedient girl my parents described to be so calm in the face of such a big change, still thinking about money. She had no choice but to push me back to my room to sleep, repeatedly promising to take me to the construction site tomorrow.

Even with the door closed, I could hear my parents' suppressed angry curses. My lips couldn't help but curl up.

Want to throw this mess at me without spending a penny? Not happening.

No money, no way you can dump this mess on me.

The next day, before dawn, the Caregiver knocked on my door. She handed me the "compensation" from the construction site.

"A total of ten thousand dollars, the construction site has already run. This is all I could get."

I "gratefully" accepted the ten thousand dollars.

It seems they couldn't wait to dump Logan on me; they handed over the money quite readily.

Of course, soon they could enjoy their biological daughter's fortune. Sophie Johnson is the billionaire's daughter now. She can make them happy for a lifetime with just a little bit of her wealth.

For the sake of working in the city, I had my household registration transferred out and opened a separate account. The Caregiver didn’t suspect anything.

After securing my own account, I started collecting valuable things from home.

In my previous life, when I packed up to take Chloe to the city for school, I couldn't bear to leave the vegetable garden, thinking it was their hard work.

Now, everything was leased out, with the rent in my own hands.

Mom's jewelry was also sold as needed, after all, she's in a wheelchair now and can't enjoy dressing up.

The house grew emptier, and my wallet grew fuller.

Finally, after almost emptying the house, I took my still-in-swaddling brother into the city.

Looking at my innocent brother in my arms, I sneered.

Parents, you planned for so long and dumped your brother on me. How could I let you down?

Rest assured, your daughter will present you with a grand gift.