---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/524/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/524/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/524/3/"
---


Melody came to find me a week later.

She looked healthier, having gained some weight.

Wearing a little white dress, she looked like an ethereal fairy from afar.

She found me at the mansion.

At the time, I was planning to bring up divorce with Marcus again.

Melody kept her head down, unable to meet my eyes.

"Lily's mom, I'm so sorry. I'm scared too. I don't know what to do."

"Maybe...you could help me. I want to leave the country."

Here we go again.

This time it came earlier. In my past life, she didn't pull this move until six months later.

"I won't get involved in your affairs," I told her firmly.

Melody looked up in shock.

She had assumed I would happily accept this request as a way to get rid of her.

She blurted out, "Why not? Don't you want to drive me away so you can win Marcus back?"

Realizing what she'd said, she quickly looked apologetic.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean..."

I waved her off. "You should go. If you don't get back soon, Marcus will go crazy looking for you."

...

Marcus came home that night.

Just because he knew Melody had come to see me.

He interrogated me the moment he walked in. "What did you say to her?"

I shook my head.

"I didn't say anything. She asked me to help her leave the country. I refused."

Hearing this, Marcus looked at me in surprise.

It was like he was seeing me for the first time.

"You're acting strange," he said suspiciously.

"You're imagining things."

Marcus didn't press further. After getting a call from Melody, he hurried to leave.

As he was walking out, I handed him a document.

He impatiently asked, "What's this?"

"It's a permission slip for Lily's overseas study program. We both need to sign it as her parents."

In a rush to go see Melody, he barely glanced at it before scrawling his signature.

He had no idea that hidden beneath the permission slip was a divorce agreement.

After the door slammed shut, I let out a long breath.

I gathered our luggage and took Lily to the airport.

But before we could leave the house, several luxury cars pulled up out front.

My heart sank.

Marcus got out of one of the cars and strode over.

He kicked over the suitcase. Lily started crying in fright.

He didn't even look at our daughter, just glared at me venomously.

"Where do you think you're going? Trying to run after what you've done?"

Cold sweat broke out on my skin as I hugged Lily, my hands shaking.

I tried to keep my voice steady: "What happened? Explain it to me clearly."

"You dare play dumb."

Marcus snarled, grabbing my throat. His face was twisted with rage.

Lily cried and tried to pry his hand off me, but it was no use.

Marcus's voice was ice cold:

"Melody broke out in a rash right after she left you."

I was stunned.

So once again, he suspected I had drugged Melody somehow.

I tried to explain, but Marcus pulled out a gun and shot my right hand.

The loud bang made Lily wail in terror.

The pain nearly made me black out.

Just before I lost consciousness, I heard Marcus's frigid voice:

"You're lucky Melody wasn't seriously hurt. Otherwise a bullet would have been the least of your worries."

I woke up three days later.

The bullet had been removed, and my arm was heavily bandaged.

Lily's small form was curled up asleep next to me.

My phone buzzed just then.

It was that unknown number.

[Marcus is on vacation with Melody right now. Leave while you can.]

I had suspected the person behind these messages might be Melody herself.

But now I knew it wasn't her - it was someone I hadn't seen in a long time.

I checked myself out of the hospital against medical advice.

The doctor had no choice but to call Marcus.

On the other end of the line, Marcus was clearly in a foul mood.

"What, is she dead?" he snapped.

The doctor broke into a sweat.

"Well, no..."

"If she's not dead then don't bother me."

Marcus cut him off. In the background, Melody's gentle voice could be heard.

"Darling, is that about your wife? Did something happen to her?"

"She's fine. Don't worry about her..."

After the call ended, the doctor awkwardly looked at me and approved my discharge.

I took Lily and left without looking back.

As the plane took off, the view outside the window was breathtaking...