---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/242/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/242/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/242/1/"
---


After returning from the orphanage, Nancy went to a church before going home to pack her luggage.

It was then that she realized her clothes filled several closets.

Inside were also various expensive bags, sports car keys and other priceless gifts from Ryan.

In fact, during their three years of marriage, Ryan had always been good to her, constantly giving her black cards, houses, cars and other gifts.

But Nancy had never touched any of them.

Because every time Ryan gave her gifts, Nancy could see the shadow of another person in his reddened eyes.

To be precise, Ryan's kindness to her was all stolen from Fiona, who had temporarily left the scene.

She used to think that with time, Ryan would be able to see her true heart, but reality proved that what didn't belong to her would eventually have to be returned.

Nancy sorted out some things that belonged to her, and then took all the gifts she had given Ryan over the years to sell as junk.

Over the years, in order to make him like her, she had carefully prepared many gifts for him, but he had never even glanced at them.

Only that one watch he wore, which had also been replaced by the cheap bracelet Fiona gave him after she returned.

Seeing all these gifts thrown aside with a thick layer of dust on them,

Nancy smiled bitterly again. If Ryan truly loved her, where did all this dust come from?

Watching the junk truck drive away, she was about to return to the villa when a horn sounded behind her.

Nancy turned around to see a flashy Ferrari stop in front of her.

A girl in a red dress got out of the car - it was Ryan's sister, Sophie.

Sophie frowned at the departing junk truck, then coldly snorted in disdain.

"Sure enough, an orphan with no parents, even cardboard boxes have to be sold for money. Making it seem like our Sullivan family is about to go bankrupt."

Nancy didn't even look at her and turned to leave.

Sophie's mocking smile turned to anger, and she rushed forward to grab Nancy.

"Nancy Xu!"

Ever since Nancy entered their Sullivan family, she had always been very humble in her attitude, trying to please everyone. She had never given Sophie the cold shoulder like this before.

Today she actually dared to turn her back on her, and anger immediately rushed to Sophie's head.

"Xu! Are you deaf? I'm talking to you and you dare to just walk away."

Nancy turned around and pulled Sophie's hand off her, her eyes flashing with annoyance.

Sophie had always disliked her, thinking she came from a poor background.

So for three years after the wedding, she had been constantly targeting Nancy, either saying the breakfast she made wasn't cooked properly, or dirtying the clothes she had washed.

But now that she was leaving, she didn't want to accommodate Sophie anymore.

Sophie was about to continue taking advantage of the situation to lash out, but seemed to think of something and the corners of her mouth curled up into a sneer.

"People like you should sell more junk. After all, my brother's true love, Sister Fiona, is back. You, the so-called substitute, can get lost now."

As soon as she finished speaking, another woman in a white dress, looking quite exquisite, stepped out from behind her.

This was the first time Nancy had seen Fiona in person.

A pair of almond eyes brimming with watery charm, long black hair flowing down, porcelain white skin - just standing there exuded an air of nobility.

No wonder Ryan had been unable to forget her for so many years.

But this dress, the accessories on it -

Nancy found it somewhat familiar. Wasn't this style of outfit exactly the same as the ones in her own closet?

At this moment, Nancy finally understood that she really was just a substitute.

Fiona looked Nancy up and down, as if seeing a cheap version of herself, full of disdain and mockery.

However, this expression was quickly hidden away when Ryan's car drove in behind them.

She immediately put on a pitiful face and said, "Sophie, don't talk about Miss Xu like that. She's your sister-in-law now. What if she gets angry and kicks me out?"

As soon as she finished speaking, Ryan's panicked voice came from behind.

"What's going on? Who's kicking who out?!"

