---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/242/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/242/5/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/242/3/"
---


"Watch out!"

Seeing the hot soup splashing towards her!

Nancy instinctively shielded Ryan in her arms.

Then she watched helplessly as a large pot of scalding chicken soup poured all over her.

"Ah!"

In an instant, Nancy's body was covered in chicken soup, her skin immediately turning bright red from the scalding. The searing pain almost made her faint.

"Nancy!"

Ryan pushed Nancy away, his eyes full of panic. "Don't be afraid, I'll take you to the hospital right away!"

She looked up at him, the pain spreading throughout her body, using all her strength but unable to say a word.

Then she looked at Fiona.

"I'm so sorry, Miss Xu. Are you alright? Ryan, thank goodness Miss Xu protected you."

Seeing her pretend to be flustered, but unable to hide the satisfaction in her eyes, Nancy immediately realized and said in a trembling voice:

"You did this on purpose?"

Hearing this, Fiona was stunned for a moment, then tears started falling immediately. "Miss Xu, what are you saying? How could I do this on purpose? I know you feel insecure and have prejudices against me, and it's my fault for not believing you'd get scalded! But you can't slander me like this."

Seeing Fiona cry, Sophie resolutely stood in front of her and angrily said:

"Nancy Xu! That's enough! So what if you got scalded a little? Why are you making such a big deal out of it? Sister Fiona worked hard to cook for us, she's already very tired! Besides..."

Sophie looked at Ryan, whose eyes were already filled with doubt and anger, and lifted her chin to continue, "Besides, my brother was right there. Even if Sister Fiona wanted to hurt someone, she wouldn't hurt my brother, right?"

As soon as she finished speaking, the doubt in Ryan's eyes immediately disappeared. He looked at Nancy with furrowed brows and said disappointedly,

"That's right. Nancy, Fiona wouldn't hurt anyone, least of all me. Please don't overthink it, okay?"

Hearing these words, Nancy felt countless emotions gather at the top of her head, tears immediately welling up in her eyes.

Ryan sighed, his voice becoming calm: "Nancy, let's go to the hospital first, alright?"

Nancy knew that no matter what else she said, Ryan wouldn't believe her now.

Just as she was about to nod.

"Oh no, Sister Fiona, you're hurt so badly!"

Ryan heard this and immediately rushed to Fiona's side in a panic. He saw that her snow-white arm had some small blisters, which did indeed look quite "serious".

Fiona put her hand behind her back, her eyes rimmed with tears as she shook her head.

"I'm fine. Miss Xu looks much worse. You should take her to the hospital first."

As soon as she finished speaking, just as Ryan was about to look at Nancy again, Fiona immediately put on a pained expression.

She clutched her chest and said, "Ah! Ryan! My heart hurts so much. It's okay, just let me die like this. Then I won't bother you anymore, and you can live happily with that substitute of yours."

Fiona collapsed, grabbing Ryan's hand as he tried to support her. She said weakly, "Ryan, am I going to die? Will I never see you again?"

Sophie stomped her foot anxiously: "Brother! Sister Fiona's heart isn't good. Let's hurry and take her to the hospital!"

"I, I'm fine..."

Fiona looked pitiful and delicate.

But this appearance undoubtedly made Ryan's heart ache. He could no longer care about the disheveled Nancy. He helped Fiona up and headed out.

Before leaving, he seemed to remember something and looked at Nancy with guilt.

"Fiona's heart isn't good. I'm afraid something will happen to her. The hospital isn't far from here."

"...Nancy, you can take a taxi to the hospital yourself."

