---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 5"
novel_index: "/novels/242/"
chapter_number: 5
next_chapter: "/novels/242/6/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/242/4/"
---


At the hospital, the doctor used cotton swabs to flatten the blistered areas while asking Nancy with concern why she was so badly scalded and had no family accompanying her.

Nancy inhaled sharply from the pain. Two doctors passed by the doorway.

"Mr. Sullivan really cares for his wife. Just a few small blisters and he booked the entire floor, having all the dermatology experts come for a consultation."

"I know, right? These few blisters would have almost healed if she came a bit later. If only I could have such a caring man who loves me."

"Haha, dream on. Men like that are one in a million."

One in a million?

Nancy smiled wryly.

Abandoning his seriously injured wife to go take care of someone with minor injuries - he truly was a one-in-a-million good man.

Nancy's injuries were too severe and she needed to stay in the hospital for a few days.

It wasn't until three days later that Nancy, wrapped in bandages, was finally discharged.

As soon as she turned on her phone, countless missed calls and messages popped up, filling the screen.

They were all from Ryan.

This had never happened since Fiona returned.

Just as she was in a daze, Sophie's call came through. As soon as Nancy answered, a harsh voice came from the other end.

"Nancy Xu, you've got some nerve! Where have you been for three days? This is deliberate, isn't it?! Can't compete with Sister Fiona so you're playing these tricks? Do you know how crazy my brother's been looking for you?! Don't think this will get my brother's attention. Dream on. The position of the Sullivan family's daughter-in-law will always belong to Sister Fiona!"

After finishing her rant, Sophie hung up the phone.

Nancy frowned slightly.

Ryan had been frantically searching for her? How was that possible? Wasn't he busy taking care of Fiona? Why would he look for her?

But when Nancy looked at the 999 missed calls on her phone, it did indeed show Ryan's urgency in finding her.

With this confusion, Nancy returned home.

As soon as she entered the gate, the servants, their faces full of relief after a near-disaster, came to greet her. Several of them were almost crying as they spoke.

"Ma'am, you're finally back. The master has been going crazy looking for you..."

As soon as they finished speaking, the sound of hurried footsteps approached.

"Nancy!"

Ryan anxiously jogged over. After not seeing each other for three days, the usually dapper man looked quite haggard, especially the dark circles under his eyes which were particularly obvious.

"I went to the hospital. The same one where you were taking care of Fiona."

Hearing this, Ryan sighed, "About last time, I didn't mean to abandon you. It's just that after Fiona's surgery, the doctor said she needed to stay calm and not get excited, or something could happen. I grew up with her since we were kids, so I'm used to taking care of her. That's why I took her to the hospital first."

"And you didn't object at the time either. Since you were at the hospital, why didn't you tell me? Why didn't you answer my calls? You're my wife, don't you know I'd be worried? Can you not do this again next time?"

By the end, there was a hint of reproach in his tone.

But Nancy still looked at him calmly, without answering.

Because in two more days, she would be leaving.

So there wouldn't be a next time.

For some reason, seeing Nancy's calmness, Ryan suddenly thought of how Nancy had been these past few days and felt a bit panicked.

He stepped forward and took Nancy's hand, sighing, "Actually, Fiona really didn't mean to do it last time. Since you don't want her staying here, I've already had her move out. Don't be upset over this little thing anymore in the future."

After finishing, Ryan looked straight at Nancy, wanting to see a hint of being moved in her eyes.

But Nancy had no reaction at all. She removed Ryan's hand and turned to go upstairs.

But as soon as she entered the room, she saw a set of expensive bags placed on the bed.

She raised her eyebrows and looked at Ryan questioningly as he followed behind her.

Ryan sighed, "Nancy, this is my apology to you. You won't be angry anymore with these, right?"

Nancy looked at the bags in the box, each worth tens of millions, a complex emotion flashing in her eyes.

Three years. A full three years.

They had shared a bed, had happy times together.

In his eyes, was she really the kind of person who would pretend to be angry and upset just to get compensation?

Suddenly, she thought of the gifts Ryan had carefully prepared for Fiona in his social media posts, and a wave of mockery welled up, but she quickly suppressed it.

Forget it. Since he didn't understand, there was no need to explain anymore.

Seeing that Nancy's face still showed no smile, Ryan didn't think much of it, just assuming she didn't like them.

"Nancy, if you don't like these, after I'm done with Fiona's matters, I'll take you to an auction to pick out the most expensive one to give you..."

Ryan hadn't finished speaking when Sophie and Fiona's voices came in from outside the door.

"Sister Fiona, I told you, my brother likes you so much, he couldn't possibly really make you move out. It's all that Nancy Xu's fault. I'll scold her for you in a bit. Why don't you come back and stay, okay?"

As they spoke, the two walked right into Nancy and Ryan's bedroom.

Then upon seeing the set of bags on the bed, Sophie exclaimed excitedly: "Oh my god, brother! Sister Fiona just mentioned to me that she really liked these few bags. I can't believe you actually bought them!"

After saying this, she looked at Fiona beside her, her eyes full of envy.

Hearing this, Fiona's face immediately turned red, then she looked at Nancy smugly.

Seeing that Ryan didn't immediately refute it, but instead showed hesitation in his eyes, Nancy didn't even think before directly picking up the box and handing it to Fiona.

"Since it's a gift for you, please take it."

With one sentence, she made the choice for Ryan, resolving his dilemma.

At this moment, Ryan looked at Nancy in shock. Seeing how generous she was, the discomfort in Ryan's heart grew stronger and stronger. He wanted to object, but seeing how happy Fiona looked, he still closed his mouth.

He was thinking, it's okay, next week is our wedding anniversary.

He could make it up to Nancy then.

He must be overthinking things. She was just jealous and throwing a tantrum. Nancy loved Ryan so much.

How could she possibly leave?

