---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/126/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/126/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/126/1/"
---

The day I died.

Ethan really had a bad temper.

After hearing me say I wanted to marry someone else, he immediately turned cold, got up and left, leaving me feeling empty inside and out.

Afterwards, he gave me two options: "Take back what you just said, or get out."

He often made me choose before, usually between "apologize or get out."

I usually chose the first option.

After all, when he said get out, he really meant stand outside the door all night.

But this time, I decisively chose the second option.

Before pretending to cheerfully jump out of bed to pack my luggage, I kissed Ethan's lips lingeringly, forcing a bright smile.

"Ethan, thank you for taking care of me these three years. Goodbye."

Aside from the things Ethan had given me, I really didn't have many personal belongings.

After all... someone without a home to return to doesn't dare to have too many possessions.

By the time I finished packing, it was almost dawn.

I pulled my suitcase, tiptoeing out of the bedroom.

Ethan was already dressed in his loungewear, waiting for me in the living room.

He tossed me a 500,000 breakup check, his expression more grim than I'd ever seen.

His eyes trembled, his thin lips parting, surprisingly speaking once more:

"Olivia, if you apologize to me now, you can still change your mind."

"Didn't you want money? I'll give it to you."

The effect of these words was no different than a meteor striking Earth, shocking me so much I almost dropped my suitcase.

Ethan, the young master of the Xing family.

It was always others bowing and scraping, offering every opportunity to beg for his mercy.

When had he ever taken the initiative to give someone a way out, letting them back down?

But no matter how great an honor, I never intended to take this way out, Ethan.

"Brother-in-law, I wish you and my sister a happy marriage."

Offering sincere blessings, I turned around with a smile.

Then, tears streamed down my face.

My fingers gripped the suitcase handle tightly, turning white. I laughed through my tears.

It's fine. I may have lost my love, but I gained 500,000.

It's enough for Grandma Rose's surgery. She can live healthily for a long time.

Live for a long time.