---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/372/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/372/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/372/1/"
---


"Since you both feel that way, then let's just go home."

Both mother and son looked surprised at my words. Usually, anything involving the child meant a huge argument. 

My sudden compliance made my wife think I was in the wrong, and she immediately started lecturing me.

"I told you you were making a fuss. Go home and apologize to my mom. She helps with the kid every day and still has to put up with your attitude."

My wife’s words made me sneer. 

My attitude? For years, I juggled work and childcare. Who do you think handled all the big and small matters in this house?

 For the four years our son was with my mother-in-law, she extracted countless sums of money from me under various pretexts.

 Then she’d turn around and tell my wife I wasn’t committed to the family. Now, even my own son has been brainwashed to resent me, and she’s still claiming she has to “put up with my attitude”?

She always felt that her marrying me was some great favor. She spent my money, enjoyed the life I provided for her. And she’d constantly play the victim to sow discord between us.

 I endured it all for the sake of family harmony and my son. But then she let my son develop dwarfism, and my wife still blamed me, saying I was “making a fuss.”

Sure enough, back home, my mother-in-law started arguing with me again. "I told you you’re just rich and bored, can’t stand to see others doing well."

"The kid was fine, but you just *had* to take him to the doctor. If our neighbors hear our kid has dwarfism, they'll laugh us to scorn."

After that, she started crying, wiping her tears, saying if I disliked her, she’d pack her bags and go back to her hometown to grow vegetables, so she wouldn't bother our family of three.

Leo watched his grandma about to leave, and I remained unmoved.

 He looked at me with a fierce, hateful gaze. "Dad is a control freak, selfish and cold-blooded. That's why he was abandoned at an orphanage! I don't want you as my dad. Mr. Jason downstairs is funny and makes great food. I want *him* to be my dad!"

Those simple words hit me with unbelievable pain. Sure enough, only the closest people know how to twist the knife most painfully.

 He knew my orphanage past was my greatest wound, and now he was using it to tear me open. Thinking about everything he did to me in the previous life…

Indeed, what kind of seed, what kind of fruit. Nature is unchangeable. I sacrificed my career, all my youth, for his healthy growth, only to be told I was worse than a home-wrecker.

Seeing my wife's deeply approving expression. So, without my knowing, that Jason had already infiltrated my home.

