---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/372/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/372/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/372/2/"
---


Jason had moved into the first-floor apartment in my building a few months ago. He was divorced with a daughter, tall, handsome, humorous, and a great cook – very popular. 

Within the first week of arriving, he’d added every well-off married woman in the neighborhood on SnapChat. 

He called it "exchanging parenting tips," but his true motives were unknown.

In my past life, I was entirely focused on my son’s medical treatment and his studies. I had no time to notice my wife's odd behavior or Jason's countless boundary-testing moves.

"Alright, if you like him that much, then let him be your dad."

No sooner had the words left my lips than the doorbell rang. 

My wife, being closest, opened the door directly. Jason stood there, holding a box full of cream cakes and a plate of cola chicken wings.

"Yesterday, I heard Leo say he wanted cake and cola chicken wings. I had ingredients at home, so I made some."

As Jason spoke, he naturally handed the items to my wife, then took off his shoes and put on slippers.

 He walked into the kitchen, took out plates, and started portioning the food. 

His movements were so skilled and natural, like the man of the house.

Because of his arrival, not only my son Leo, but even my wife and mother-in-law, were utterly smitten. They immediately put on beaming smiles and squeezed into the kitchen to help.

In my previous life, during the holidays, I’d wake up at five in the morning to prepare nutritious meals for my son.

 In the evenings, I’d massage and stretch him, leaving me with aching back pain. They only thought I brought it upon myself.

 Leo wasn’t just reluctant; my wife would spread rumors that I was petty and annoying, always finding something to complain about if I did even a little work.

But now, with someone else, why was everything so harmonious?

"Oh, Dean, you’re here too. I was so busy packing the cake, I didn't even see you. 

I’m so sorry. Don't get the wrong idea, it's just that Veronica helped me out a few times, and I felt so bad, so I just made some gifts in return."

Jason acted as if he’d just noticed me, standing there awkwardly and nervously. He even looked a bit wronged and fearful, as if I were bullying him. 

God knows, I hadn't said or done anything.

"Mr. Jason, don't mind my dad. He just wants to cause trouble and make us all follow his rules. Come quickly and eat with us!"

Leo, while devouring the sugar-laden cake and chicken wings, scolded me. My mother-in-law and wife echoed his words from the side.

 My son didn’t even consider that his dad had been running around all day and hadn’t had a drop to eat or drink. That huge cake – the four of them didn’t even think to offer me a piece.

Finally, Jason was coaxed back into the kitchen to eat cake with them. 

The warm yellow light in the kitchen shone on their faces, making them look blissfully happy, as if they were a natural family.

Well, they were just a perfect match made in hell.

