---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/136/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/136/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

When my eldest son, Declan, found me, I was eating scraps in the hospital cafeteria. During the sweltering summer, flies swarmed over the pile of scraps, emitting a pungent stench.

But I didn't care, grabbing the slimy stuff from the bucket and stuffing it into my mouth.

I hadn't eaten in three days, and even though it smelled terrible, even though it had maggots, I devoured it.

Declan frowned, slapped my hand, and the scraps scattered all over the ground. He couldn't bear it and spoke up:

"Enough, stop pretending. It's only been two months, do you have to act so pitiful?"

He reached to pull me up. But when I saw his hand, I curled up on the ground, wetting myself in fear, screaming and closing my eyes.

"Don't hit me, please, don't hit me, I'll do whatever you want!"

Everyone was stunned as I trembled, crawling up from the ground and stripping in front of them. Just as I was about to take off my pants, Declan held down my hands.

"Why are you so shameless?"

"In public, you're an old woman, why are you acting crazy?"

"I pay this hospital ten thousand a month, have you been eating too well, so you're playing these tricks on me?"

He paused and continued:

"Besides, if you hadn't mistreated Dad, would I have scared you into having a baby with Uncle Heath and sent you here to learn your lesson?"

My younger son, Dylan, crossed his arms and scoffed.

"Bro, why bother talking to her?"

"Look at her, she still doesn't think she's wrong. Why not just leave her here and ignore her?"

He muttered:

"If it weren't for her ability to have sons, I wouldn't have introduced her to Uncle Heath! I wonder how Uncle Heath is getting along with this old hag?"

Declan was displeased by his brother's words but kept quiet. Just then, Heath walked over with a smile, and seeing him, my fear only increased. I jumped into a dirty trash can in terror.

"No!"

"Please, spare my old partner!"

"Old partner, don't kill him! I'll do it, I'll give my sons to you, okay..."

Hearing this, Declan looked displeased:

"Mom, it seems you haven't learned your lesson. I'm doing this for your good, and you blame me and don't want me?"

He approached, and I screamed in terror. At that moment, my daughter-in-law, Lily, pulled him back and walked over.

As she approached, I suddenly stood up, using my removed clothes to cover her face:

"Run!"

"You're so young and beautiful, they won't let you go!"

"Don't let them catch you. They'll force you to have a son. I'll cover you, run!"