---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/136/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/136/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/136/2/"
---

Hearing this, I ignored Heath's warning, breaking free and rushing to the electroshock room, screaming:

"Old partner, don't you dare touch my old partner!"

The director and Heath were stunned, quickly reacting, dragging the patient back to the ward while calling security to stop me.

But I seemed to have a formidable will, dodging everyone, heading straight for the electroshock room.

Hearing me shout "old partner," Declan finally smiled.

"So he's here!"

He turned to scold the director:

"Your hospital is incompetent! I've been asking you forever, and you didn't know! Clearly, you don't care about the patients!"

"Forget the media; you'll have to give me an explanation later!"

Finishing, he rushed off. When we reached the electroshock room, Declan was stunned. The person there wasn't his dad, but a set of patient clothes stuffed with pillows!

I despairingly hugged the pillows, crying:

"No! Don't!"

I lunged forward, desperately protecting the patient clothes while trying to undress.

"You promised me, if I didn't resist, you'd treat the old man well!"

"Please, spare him, I can have children..."

Patients at the door ignored the shooing, staring at me, laughing mockingly.

The next moment, Declan slammed the door of the operating room, grabbing my hand, red-eyed, questioning me.

"What did you call him?"

I ignored him, one hand clutching the patient clothes, the other undressing, mumbling for my partner's sake.

Declan couldn't hold back anymore, prying my fingers from the patient clothes one by one, forcibly taking them from me.

"I think you've thrown all dignity away!"

"Hiding Dad and stripping in public! What does this mean? Are you humiliating Dad?"

"Don't think playing the fool can threaten me!"

"Let this patient clothes husband wake up too!"

"You called him what?"

I didn't respond, clutching my hospital gown with one hand while my other hand mimicked undressing, softly begging for my spouse.

Declan couldn't hold back any longer. He pried each of my fingers off the gown and forcibly took it from me.

"You have no shame left!"

"Hiding my dad and undressing in public! What is this supposed to mean? Are you trying to disgrace my dad?"

"Don't think you can intimidate me by pretending to be insane!"

"Let your so-called 'hospital gown husband' come to his senses too!"

With that, he slammed the gown onto the electroshock table.

"No!"

I screamed, devastated.

My spouse was thrown onto the table just as harshly.

At that time, he was forcibly injected with a sedative, his body limp and voice weakened from long-standing hunger.

His faint "help me" was lost among his labored breaths, and I watched helplessly as the light in his eyes faded into despair.

Eventually, it went completely dark.

Ignoring Declan's words, I summoned all my strength and lunged towards the electroshock table.

Before anyone could react, I was on the table, clutching the gown tightly.

But I accidentally hit the power switch, and a powerful current surged through my body!

I convulsed violently, unable to even scream.

The unregulated voltage burned my skin, and the smell of scorched flesh brought back the image of my spouse.

He looked at me, pacing anxiously, and finally sighed.

My consciousness blurred, the last thing I heard was Declan's anxious shout:

"Mom! Are you out of your mind?!"