---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/270/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/270/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---


The insults pounded in my ears, but I tuned them all out. I just clutched Pippin, gently comforting him: “Pippin, we’re home now. No one can bully us anymore.”

Pippin whimpered softly in my arms, a tiny response. I hugged him tight as I got into the car waiting to take me home.

Stepping out, I stared blankly at what used to be my home.

A woman draped in jewels and luxury came out to meet me, but I instinctively recoiled, clutching Pippin closer.

Her welcoming steps faltered. Her face crumpled in hurt: “Alice, what’s wrong? It’s Mom!”

“M-mom…”

A dry, raspy sound clawed its way out of my throat, grating and ugly. Mrs. Carter instinctively frowned.

Her displeased face merged with the twisted, menacing one from the mountains. I collapsed to my knees in a frantic mess, slapping myself repeatedly, desperately: “I’m sorry, I was wrong. It’s all my fault, I shouldn’t have upset you. I’m sorry… so sorry…”

I was lost in my own private hell until Pippin’s little head nuzzled me, bringing me back to reality.

Mom was sobbing uncontrollably, covering her face as she left.

A servant shakily led me into the house. I heard a furious roar: “What right does she have to blame us?”

“Jessica was out there for years because of her, almost ripped away from us forever. And she actually has the gall to come back? If she had even an ounce of gratitude for our years of raising her, she should have just died out there!”

“Keep your voice down.”

Mrs. Carter tried to soothe him.

“Once Jessica and Liam are engaged, and everything settles down, maybe Alice won’t have those inappropriate thoughts anymore.”

“After all, we raised her since she was little. I can’t bear to marry her off to some widower.”

I hugged Pippin, my body trembling, desperately trying to hold back my tears.

The moment they agreed to let Liam send me to those mountains, I shouldn’t have held onto any hope, should I?

Pippin’s little tail swept against my chin. I exhaled softly and followed the servant to my room.

