---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/63/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/63/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

When I learned my BFF Lydia was pregnant with six children, I realized I had been reborn, and Lydia's wish had come true.

"Nora, thank you for letting me stay at your house for free and accompanying me to my check-ups."

At this moment, Lydia hadn't revealed her true nature and looked genuinely grateful.

I suppressed my disgust and hatred, forcing a natural smile.

"We're like sisters; your concerns are mine."

Back home, my mother-in-law and husband Nolan were thrilled to hear Lydia was expecting six children.

Mother-in-law clapped her hands joyfully: "Lydia is incredible, the more children, the better! It's wonderful for the family line!"

Then she cast a disdainful glance at me.

"Unlike some people who have been married for two years without a sign of pregnancy, freeloading off our family, not even as good as a dog that can have puppies!"

Nolan, the mama's boy, scoffed, "Why are you just standing there? Mom gets annoyed seeing you. If you can't have kids, at least make yourself useful in the kitchen!"

I swallowed my anger, pleading as I did in my past life.

"I'd like my BFF to stay in the empty house next door, is that okay, Mom?"

Mother-in-law feigned reluctance but agreed.

"Alright then, there's an old saying that taking care of a pregnant woman can help you conceive. You go and look after Lydia and catch some of her good fortune!"