---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/63/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/63/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/63/1/"
---

In my past life, my unmarried BFF cried to me about being abandoned and contemplated suicide.

Feeling sorry for her, I decided to help by letting her stay next door to offer support.

I was puzzled by my mother-in-law's and my mama's boy husband's unusual excitement but didn't think much of it.

Until I saw Nolan, Lydia, and my mother-in-law had formed a group chat named One Big Happy Family.

That's when I realized that the father of the child in my BFF's belly was Nolan.

They had been together behind my back for over half a year.

I confronted the three of them.

My mother-in-law, who preferred sons, pulled my hair and cursed, "Useless hen! You can't give birth and still have the nerve to ask? Do you want the Wang family line to end with you, you disgrace?"

I turned to Nolan for help, but he helped his mom pin me to the ground.

"My mom said I need a woman to give me kids. If you can't, I'll just have your BFF do it. Show some respect to my mom; it wasn't easy raising me."

I got injured and was bedridden.

I planned to call the police, but the extreme snowstorm delayed their arrival.

The next day, the Ice Age Apocalypse struck.

The whole community started heating early, roads were covered in snow, and TV stations announced that the extreme weather would last a long time.

Residents were warned to stay inside and conserve food and water.

My mother-in-law and Nolan conspired.

"One more person means one more mouth to feed, can't let my grandson suffer, Nora is useless, just kick her out to fend for herself."

"Mom, I'll do whatever you say!"

Outside was minus thirty degrees; going out meant certain death.

No matter how I begged Nolan, he just repeated, "My mom said you being alive just means one more mouth to feed!"

In less than ten minutes, I lost body heat, froze to death, turning into an ice sculpture.

But fate had other plans.

I was reborn.

And granted a wish.

My wish was for BFF Lydia to have a fruitful pregnancy with six kids.

Just wait, my revenge has only begun.