---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/104/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/104/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

Sister, in her high heels, shielded Jasper. "Declan, have you lost your mind? How dare you cause a scene in the Mason Family!"

My fiancée knelt by Jasper, tenderly massaging his wrist with pity in her eyes.

Sister immediately ordered the Bodyguards, "Are you all blind? Letting a beggar bully the Young Master!"

A dozen Bodyguards swarmed, beating me mercilessly.

Grandma swung her Cane at me relentlessly. I clutched my stomach in agony. Though the wound from donating my kidney had healed, the pain was still unbearable.

I couldn't believe that the Grandma I saved now wanted to beat me senseless for a beggar.

"Dare to touch my precious grandson, and I'll make you pay!" she shouted.

Jasper pretended to hold Grandma back, "Grandma, don't get so upset, it's not good for your health!"

Sister pointed at me, "Even a dog knows loyalty. How have we wronged you that you ruin Jasper's birthday party?"

"A filthy beggar who doesn't know his place!"

"The true Young Master of the Mason Family is clearly me, Declan..."

Smack! Sister slapped me before I could finish.

Jasper lowered his head, feigning innocence, "I know you want the Mason Family's wealth, but you shouldn't go against Grandma and Sister!"

"We've raised you for so many years, we've fulfilled our duty. How can you treat them like this?"

With Jasper's restrained demeanor, the guests began to defend him.

"How could you! Eating someone's food and then attacking their Young Master!"

"Truly despicable, a stinking beggar causing trouble in the Mason Family. The Young Master is too kind. Otherwise, throw him into the Hudson River!"

No sooner had these words been spoken than a security guard approached to snatch the Jade Bracelet from my hand. I kicked him hard, sending him flying, and he lay on the ground wailing.

Jasper quickly helped him up, glaring at me, "You, an imposter, are more arrogant than me, the Young Master, striking in public!"

Hearing this, more people began to blame me.

I laughed in disbelief, "You're the Young Master? Then who am I?"

Jasper shook his head helplessly, looking at Sister pitifully, "If he wants it, just give it to him."

Sister erupted in anger, "This is the Heirloom from Grandmother, how can it be given to a beggar! It’s meant for my real brother!"