---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/104/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/104/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/104/1/"
---

Real brother, she said it so self-righteously.

She used to be the Sister who loved me the most. Even if I lost a strand of hair, she'd fire all the maids at home, wanting to give me the best of everything.

Why did things change when Jasper came?

A beggar picked up from a garbage dump, is he worth the Mason Family's care?

They gave him my identity, my fiancée, and in the end, even drowned me to make him the Mason Family's heir.

This time, I won't make the same mistakes.

"This is clearly something Grandmother left for me! How did it become Jasper's because of your words?"

"Aren't you afraid Grandpa will blame you when he comes?"

Grandpa had planned to retire abroad but couldn't rest easy about me. He intended to officially hand over the Mason Family to me on my birthday.

Once they found out, they tried to transfer all my shares to Jasper, leaving Grandpa unable to help me.

Jasper's Rowdy Friends were the first to defend him, "A beggar picked up and really thinks he's the Young Master?"

"This was always Jasper's, who can say otherwise?"

Jasper smiled proudly, "You should have told me what you wanted, instead of behaving so disgracefully. You don’t care, but the Mason Family does."

Sister quickly said, "Almost let a bad apple spoil the whole pot."

"Ignore him, today is the day the Mason Family announces the heir. Bring the share transfer documents."

In the next moment, a few Bodyguards grabbed my arms and dragged me aside.

They're actually going to give the Mason Family to Jasper, it's insane!

"That's what Grandpa left for me!"

"If you do this, just wait to be kicked out by Grandpa!"

Sister hesitated for a moment, then signed her name heavily.

"Grandpa said the Mason Family's assets are for the Young Master, and Jasper is the Young Master!"

Grandma banged the Cane loudly, "An ungrateful wretch, dreaming of the Mason Family's wealth, not even worth a glance."

Jasper stood proudly behind Grandma, glaring at me, "Declan, stop making a fuss, or you’ll gain nothing but be kicked out of the Mason Family."

"Grandma, just consider it as if the Mason Family raised a dog. Toss it away if you must."

A dog raised by the Mason Family, that would donate a kidney for Grandma, what a joke.

If I hadn't saved her, she'd have met her end.

The Business Elite present couldn't stand it and spoke up.

"See! A great kindness is like a great enemy! Never raise an ungrateful wretch."

"In the end, it's all for money, making a scene, a stinking beggar, so shallow."

Grandma pointed her Cane and commanded, "You ruined my grandson's birthday party. Kneel and kowtow to him three times, and we’ll let you go!"

Jasper added fuel to the fire, "It's okay Grandma, I can bear it."

Sister couldn't stand Jasper being wronged, so she ordered the Bodyguards to press down on my shoulders, forcing me to kneel before Jasper.

At this moment, Fiancée Sabrina walked to Jasper, intimately holding his arm, "You're just too kind. What's a few kowtows for such an ungrateful person?"

"If you ask me, they should break his hands and feet!"