---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/219/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/219/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

Adeline secured a major deal at her company.

She threw a celebration party at a bar.

As soon as I walked in, I saw Adeline with her group of girlfriends.

"Here he comes! Adeline's boyfriend! Beckett, super handsome! Oh my God, his body is incredible! Those pecs, those abs, he looks like he stepped out of a comic book! We're in for a treat today!"

"Sister Adeline, you're so lucky!"

Adeline's girlfriends looked at me as if they'd discovered a new world.

Their eyes were fixed on me, almost boring holes into my skin.

Adeline specifically asked me to dress "sexy" today.

But as a guy, what do I know about sexy?

In the end, Adeline couldn't stand it anymore.

She pulled out a black shirt from the closet and handed it to me.

"This one! Just unbutton two buttons to show your collarbone. I signed a major deal today and invited the company's heiress over. Make a good impression!"

I looked down at the shirt with the absurdly low neckline.

But I try to meet Adeline's requests as much as I can.

Because I really love her.

Adeline enjoyed the attention. She smiled and waved at me.

Adeline introduced me to a man sitting across from her.

Before I could react, Adeline pulled me over and sat me beside her.

"Let me introduce you, this is my boyfriend. What do you think, not bad, right?"

Adeline wrapped her arm around mine and nearly leaned against me.

I shifted uncomfortably.

Adeline, however, acted as if she didn't notice and continued holding my arm tightly.

She usually doesn't do this.

The man across from us smiled at me.

I know him.

Caspian, Adeline's childhood friend.

Adeline always told me they were just good friends, nothing romantic.

But I know when Adeline says that, her eyes are evasive.

Caspian was also startled by Adeline's sudden move.

He paused with his wine glass, and his expression turned a bit unnatural.

He pretended to drink calmly, but his Adam's apple moved up and down, revealing he wasn't just "buddies" with Adeline.

Adeline was clearly using me to make him jealous.

I sighed softly.

I didn't want to ruin her mood after signing a big deal, so I smiled at everyone present.

