---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/219/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/219/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/219/3/"
---


I drove Nora to her apartment building.

"We're here," I said.

She kept her head down, silent.

"What's wrong? Did Adeline say something to you? Don't take it to heart, she's just like that, no harm intended."

Nora stayed quiet, her shoulders trembling slightly.

"Hey, don't cry."

I panicked, I can't stand girls crying.

Nora suddenly looked up.

Tears fell like broken pearls.

"It's not you... It has nothing to do with you..."

She choked out, "It's me..."

"What’s wrong? Tell me what's bothering you."

I was at a loss.

"They all say I'm a good girl, that I listen, that I'm timid..."

Nora's voice grew louder.

"But I don't want to be like this, I want to be brave, just once..."

As she spoke, she started unbuttoning her shirt.

I was startled and quickly grabbed her hands.

"What are you doing?!"

"Aren't they saying I'm timid? I'll prove them wrong now!"

Nora's eyes were red as she struggled.

"Calm down!" I held her tightly, "This isn't bravery, this is just..."

Suddenly, I didn't know what to say.

"What is it?" Nora asked, tears in her voice.

"This is just..." I took a deep breath, "This is just punishing yourself for others' mistakes."

Nora froze, her tears slowly stopping.

"True bravery isn't doing something 'out of line' in others' eyes. It's following your heart and doing what you believe is right."

I looked into her eyes, speaking word by word, "Do you understand?"

She seemed to understand and nodded.

"Can we make a pact, to break free from the good girl and good boy labels, together?"

I tentatively asked, hoping to give her some strength.

"How do we break free?" Nora sniffed, looking at me with tearful eyes.

"What are you most afraid of?" I guided her, hoping she'd face her true feelings.

"I'm most afraid of..." Nora bit her lip, hesitating, "I'm most afraid of my parents pressuring me to date and marry those rich kids."

"But I don't like them at all, they're all playboys, just eating, drinking, and having fun, no ambition whatsoever!"

As Nora spoke, her emotions grew agitated again, tears flowing anew.
I cautiously asked, trying to provide her with some support.

"How do I break free?" Nora asked, her eyes glistening with tears.

"What are you most afraid of?" I gently prompted, hoping she could confront her feelings.

"I'm most afraid of..." Nora hesitated, biting her lip, "I'm most afraid of my parents pushing me into arranged dates with wealthy heirs."

"But I don't like them at all. They're playboys, only interested in partying and having no ambition!"

As she spoke, her emotions surged again, and tears began to flow.

I could feel her anguish, the despair of being trapped and unable to control her own life.

"Then start with this. Be brave and tell your parents you need a few more years because you want to build your own career."

I encouraged her, hoping she could find the courage to stand up for herself.

Nora paused, seemingly surprised by my suggestion.

"But... but my parents are very strong-willed. No one ever changes their minds."

Her voice grew quieter, her eyes dimming like a balloon losing air.

"You have to try. How will you know if it doesn’t work unless you try?" I encouraged her, clenching my fist for emphasis. "Just like you said, you want to be brave just this once, for yourself!"

Nora took a deep breath, as if she finally made up her mind.

"Okay, I'll try!" A spark of hope reignited in her eyes.

"What about you? What are you going to be brave about?" she suddenly asked, looking at me with curiosity.

"Me?" I smiled, "I'm going to be brave and start my own business, even if there are many opposing voices. I have to try."