---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/226/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/226/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

When the final explosion happened, I remember Jasper didn't make it out.  

Always immaculate, he knelt by my side and said, "Lydia, don't be afraid, I'll stay with you."  

He was 38 that year.  

A billionaire who just let it all go.  

He stayed with me as we perished in the flames.  

...  

On a midsummer evening, the sunset outside the window was like blood.  

A stifling hot breeze blew inside.  

I awoke from a dream, sitting dazed on the bed.  

The clock in the corner ticked, the calendar lay quietly on the table.  

"Madam, Mr. Jasper called earlier, said he won't be coming home tonight."  

Mrs. Taylor's voice came from the living room, calm and peaceful.  

I looked down at the brand-new wedding ring on my finger.  

Closed my eyes.  

I had truly gone back ten years.  

The blazing fire before I died, and the warm, strong embrace, felt so real.  

In the last moment, Jasper was still telling me, "Lydia, don't be afraid, I've waited too long for you in this life, in the next life, I'll find you early."  

Was this a dream, or reality?  

I pinched myself, a dull pain came from my thigh.  

The honking outside the window jolted my chaotic thoughts awake.  

After the shock, a continuous heartache and bitterness followed.  

An orchestrated misunderstanding made me hate Jasper for many years.  

During this time, his competitors did everything to suppress him.  

Making it hard for him to breathe.  

At home, I was cold to him, so he rarely came back.  

Jasper's parents died early, and he had no relatives.  

Guarding a commercial empire alone, he spent half his life.  

Later, the misunderstanding was cleared up.  

We had half a year of happiness, and even had a child.  

But before I could tell him about the pregnancy, I died unexpectedly.  

...  

"Madam, the flowers have been delivered, are you leaving?"  

Mrs. Taylor came in to ask me.  

"What?"  

My mind was still in a state of chaos.  

"Flowers, aren't you going to see Mr. Beckett?"  

Beckett...  

Hearing this name suddenly, I was stunned.  

A tangled mess suddenly had a thread.  

So it was this day.