---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/226/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/226/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/226/1/"
---

Beckett was my childhood friend.  

Also a very talented actor.  

Unfortunately... an "accident" left him severely burned all over, requiring long-term hospitalization.  

In the previous life, on this day, I took a bouquet of flowers to the hospital.  

Spent Beckett's birthday with him, came out of the hospital, saw Jasper sitting in the car, the cigarette in his fingers burned to the end, yet he was unaware.

 I didn't want to explain anything, didn't even want to see him.  

"Ning Ning."  

Jasper noticed me, extinguished the cigarette, got out of the car, his tone desolate.  

"...Today is my birthday."  

I stopped, looked back at him coldly, "So what?"  

His dark eyes looked at me, saying nothing.  

I said, "Today is also Beckett's birthday. 

To marry me, you used unscrupulous means, ruined his face, broke his future, what more do you want from me?"  

Jasper opened his mouth, futilely said, "That was just an accident..."  

"If you hadn't invited him that day, he wouldn't still be lying in the hospital. How do you expect me to believe that was an accident?"  

Jasper was silent, finally said to me, "I'm sorry."  

From that day on, my relationship with Jasper plummeted.  

We began a long and torturous cold war.  

Later, I found out, that "accident" even Jasper thought was one, was just a plot by some to drive a wedge between us.