---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/297/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/297/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/297/1/"
---

I called Chloe repeatedly on the way home.

But no one picked up.

I was about to call Isabelle to ask about her when Chloe finally called back.

"Hello, honey… huff, huff… mmph…"

"Where are you? What's that sound?"

"Oh… honey, I just got home. I'm jogging. When are you coming back?"

Hearing that Chloe was home, my heart finally settled.

"I'll be there soon."

"Oh? Then can you pick up some ice cream for me? I'm so hot."

I didn't think much of it and turned into the supermarket next to our complex, buying two popsicles.

As I walked up to our building, I saw a luxury car driving out of the complex.

Our neighborhood was for ordinary people.

Most cars were pretty standard, maybe twenty or thirty grand.

There were absolutely no cars worth millions like that one.

I took a few extra glances.

Back home, Chloe was getting off the treadmill, her face flushed.

Sweating profusely, she snatched the ice cream from my hand and started slurping it.

"Can you give me a foot massage? I've been walking all day; I'm exhausted."

To please Chloe in the past, I'd even taken a few days of foot reflexology classes.

I never thought it would come in handy now.

But when I came back with a basin of water, Chloe was already asleep on the couch.

I shook my head, chuckling softly. She must have been truly tired today.

I picked her up and carried her into the bedroom, changing her into her pajamas. Suddenly, I noticed a faint scent of smoke on her clothes.

I'd quit smoking right after we got married.

And smoking was forbidden in the mall.

Could it have been in the car?

I went into the bathroom, and a gleaming cigarette butt in the trash can startled me.

A man had been in our house!

I immediately yanked Chloe from the bed, holding up the cigarette butt.

"Who was here?"

Chloe looked annoyed. She slapped my hand away.

"Are you insane? Isabelle and I went shopping, and her husband dropped us off. Is there a problem with them coming up for a minute?"

"Alex, can you put something useful in your head? Why don't you think about how to make more money instead of always being so suspicious!"

Oh, so that was it. I immediately relaxed.

…

The next day, I received a notice from my boss.

The company was expanding its overseas business and needed capable people to open a new market in Saudi Arabia.

I was appointed as the head, leading a team to be stationed abroad for a year.

Though I was reluctant to leave Chloe, when my boss clapped me on the shoulder and promised me the Vice President position if I completed the mission, I agreed without hesitation.

I told Chloe about it, filled with apprehension.

I imagined she’d be upset about us being apart for a year and our plans to have a baby being postponed.

But to my surprise, Chloe was incredibly understanding. She leaned against my chest, comforting me.

"It's okay, honey. What's one year? When you come back, you'll be Vice President, and our child will have a better quality of life. Go for it. A man should prioritize his career. I'd never be your stumbling block!"

I was deeply moved by Chloe's thoughtfulness. That night, I held her and made love to her with all my passion until her voice was hoarse.

A few days later, I landed safely in Saudi Arabia. I sent Chloe a SnapChat message from the airport to let her know I was safe.

I didn't get a reply. I checked the time; it was late night back home. She must have been asleep.

From that day on, Chloe and I could only communicate by leaving messages for each other.

But Chloe was just as before, often sending me photos of herself and sharing funny stories.

Seeing that my absence hadn't affected her life, I gradually put my mind at ease.

I couldn't help but admire Chloe for being such a supportive wife.

Midway through, I heard Chloe was hospitalized with a bad cold, and I desperately wanted to fly back home immediately.

Chloe quickly FaceTimed me. Isabelle was there, taking care of her.

"Honey, are you adapting to life abroad?"

"Isabelle's husband is coming back tomorrow to handle some business. Is there anything you want? I can ask him to bring it for you."

I shook my head, refusing. Deep down, I didn't want any more contact with that Middle Eastern man.

And so, I slowly adapted to living alone.

In my free time, I'd sometimes go out for drinks with colleagues or play basketball.

A year flew by in a flash.

My overseas assignment was successfully completed. Finally, I could return home to see my beloved wife.

Coming out of the city airport, I saw Chloe waving at me by the roadside.

To my surprise, she looked a lot rounder than before. Even with makeup, she couldn't hide the exhaustion on her face.

Chloe said it was because she'd been too busy to work out lately, and she hadn't been sleeping well while I was away.

I felt both heartache and helplessness, so I just hugged her tightly.

Not long after I returned home, Isabelle sent us an invitation.

She was inviting us to her son's first-month celebration.

"Isabelle had a baby? When did this happen? How did I not know?" A surge of questions filled my mind. She was infertile, wasn't she?