---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/140/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/140/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

From childhood, they enjoyed the unlimited glory and power of the Quinn Family. Before getting to know me, they could have simply said they weren't interested.

My father would have immediately chosen someone else. Plus, they agreed to be my suitors when my father adopted them.

They took advantage and then sneered at me, yet stayed with the Quinn Family, hypocritical. In the end, they can’t give up the power of the Quinn Family.

Asher was struck: "You’re the Quinn's biological daughter, you can complain to your father. We are just staying under someone else's roof, how is it the same?"

With that, he looked troubled, "Anyway, the old man is at the retirement ceremony. Just tell him you want to choose me. Spare Nora and the others."

Beckett and Caspian looked grateful at Asher. It was as if marrying me was a noble sacrifice.

My heart ached, suppressing the discomfort, I tried to shut the door. But Nora hurriedly stopped me.

She appeared suddenly, teary-eyed: "Sister Quinn, I didn't mean to break the vase."

Before I could react, the three had already shielded Nora.

She nervously clutched Asher's sleeve, who frowned at me: "Quinn, Nora came to apologize. Why are you still throwing a fit?"

My chest tightened. To them, I was the evil sister from fairy tales bullying Snow White. But in terms of background, I was the real princess of South City.

Initially, I didn’t care to argue with someone like Nora. Her little schemes were obvious. Yet ever since Nora appeared in the Quinn Family, she kept taking my things and falsely accused me of bullying her.

I thought no one would believe her. Until that day when she fell into the pool, and Asher, whom I secretly admired, rushed to save her.

Nora was rescued, crying miserably, sneaking a look at me before averting her gaze fearfully: "Miss Quinn didn’t push me, I went in myself. I shouldn’t be where I’m not wanted..."

This reminded the three of their past at the Quinn Family, trying to please.

Asher was angry: "Quinn, just because this pool is yours, doesn’t mean you can push anyone in!"

Beckett and Caspian shared the anger: "Yeah, you think money lets you do whatever you want? You need to apologize to Nora!"

"You should also get into the pool and reflect!"

I couldn’t accept being wronged and retorted: "I didn’t push her! Let’s check the surveillance!"

Nora cried harder: "Miss Quinn, the whole Quinn Family listens to you. If you don’t want me here, just say..."

Asher hated arrogant people in our circle, his face darkening: "You can fake surveillance; you can frame people too."

"Quinn, if you don’t get in the water, I’ll ask your father to call off the engagement!"

I loved Asher deeply then, afraid to lose him over a misunderstanding. So I got in the water, enduring the grievance to apologize.

I didn’t expect that grievance to last seven years.

Recalling this, I coldly told them at the door: "I'm the Quinn's young lady, I should carry the Quinn's demeanor."

"If you want to twist the truth, I'll take on that name. I demand Nora apologize, and I want her to kneel!"

"After all, that vase was mine!"

I was firm, and Asher looked disappointed: "How did you become like this?"

Beckett held back an angry Caspian, glaring at me: "It’s just a carved vase. We’ll pay you back."

I widened my eyes in disbelief: "A carved vase?"