---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/454/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/454/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---


If it weren't for my dad's sake, I wouldn't have even bothered making this call.

Stealing my reserved seat wasn't something that could be resolved just by throwing money at it.

If the person had a decent attitude about it, I might have been willing to let it slide.

"I'm busy. What do you want?" The voice on the phone sounded very impatient.

"Mr. Smith, I think you should ask your personal assistant what she's trying to do," I said, about to hand the phone over. But the call abruptly ended.

I was dumbfounded.

Is this how all rich people behave?

Seeing this, the woman who stole my seat had a smug grin plastered across her face.

"Oh my, I thought you were so impressive. Turns out Mr. Smith can't even be bothered to talk to you!"

Seeing I was only in my early 20s and dressed simply, she clearly didn't take me seriously at all.

"Miss, do you have any sense of decency left?" I asked.

"You stole my seat, and I haven't even made a fuss about it. How dare you mock me on top of that?"

I pointed to a flight attendant nearby.

"There are air marshals on board. If you keep causing trouble, don't blame me for calling security!"

When she heard me mention security, she became even more brazen.

"Listen here you little brat, save your breath. This airline is owned by the Smith family. Do you really think anyone will help you?"

She got more and more worked up as she spoke, spittle flying onto my face.

I clenched my fists, instinctively taking a step back.

"You keep going on about Mr. Smith this, the Smith family that. So tell me, what exactly is your relationship to the Smiths?"

As soon as I finished speaking, she shoved me hard.

"My relationship with the Smiths is none of your damn business. Now get lost!"

"If you don't leave right now, I'll make sure you never get off this plane!"

Having spent years in a government agency with minimal outside contact, I had no idea how to deal with this kind of shrew.

Seeing her arrogant attitude, my anger levels were rapidly rising.

"You steal my seat and now you're threatening me? Who do you think you are, the Queen of England?"

As soon as I said that, the other passengers on the plane gasped in shock.

"Holy crap, this girl's got some nerve! Daring to insult Ms. Zhang like that, she must have a death wish!"

"It's just a seat, what's the big deal about giving it up? If she really offends them, she'll be the one to suffer."

"Man, talk about bad luck. Of all people to run into, it had to be Yasmin Zhang. She's Mr. Smith's right-hand woman!"

As the murmurs from the crowd grew louder, Ms. Zhang's expression became even more smug.

"You little bitch, how dare you insult me! Do you have a death wish?"

Faced with her threats, I couldn't care less. In fact, I found it almost amusing.

"Ms. Zhang, I suggest you watch your language."

"If you really piss me off, not even your boss will be able to deal with the consequences."

"Watch my ass!"

After cursing at me some more, she seemed to feel it wasn't enough. She rolled up her sleeves and charged at me again.

"What, Ms. Zhang? Resorting to violence at the drop of a hat, are we?"

She swung at me several times but couldn't even touch the hem of my clothes. She instantly became furious.

"You little brat, try dodging one more time!"

"I'll call Mr. Smith right now, just you wait!"

I didn't fight back against the secretary's repeated provocations, only dodging.

It wasn't because I was afraid of her, but because before I left the agency, my boss had repeatedly instructed me:

"Your every word and action represents the image of our agency. When you're out there, don't get into conflicts with others no matter what."

Besides, I didn't know how to fight.

Either I don't act at all, or I go for the kill in one strike!

Seeing that I wasn't saying anything, Ms. Zhang thought I had chickened out. She raised her hand and charged at me again.

At the critical moment, a roar came from behind:

"Stop right there!"

0