---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/421/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/421/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/421/1/"
---


Kevin's legs gave out and he fell to his knees in front of me.

He started slapping himself hard.

"Honey! Honey, I was wrong!!"

"It's not what you think! I... I admit I didn't handle things well. Let me explain!"

He tried to grab my pants leg, but I didn't give him the chance.

"Get lost," I said coolly.

"Sophia, you can't blame this all on Kevin... You've been married for years without getting pregnant. Are you saying he's not allowed to find someone else?" Chloe sneered. At this moment, she was wielding her pregnancy like a weapon.

This girl I had once helped out of poverty was now seducing my husband.

"Chloe, do you know why Kevin and I haven't had children in ten years of marriage?"

I stared her down.

She lowered her head under my gaze, but her tone remained defiant:

"You're going to bring up his erectile dysfunction again, aren't you? I've tried plenty of times and he's perfectly normal. I don't think it's ED at all - he's just not interested in you!"

"A woman who can't even arouse desire... Your life really is a failure... Ah!!!"

I slapped her across the face.

"Sophia! If you're upset, take it out on me!! She's just a young girl in a difficult situation..."

"It's all my fault... I didn't handle my feelings properly. But I... I just can't control myself when I see her... I'm not human! I've wronged you!"

He was slapping himself repeatedly.

Chloe grabbed his hand, crying.

"Don't stop her! She can beat me to death if she wants! I've been sick of how she treats you for a long time! You're such a good man, why should you have to endure this?"

"And... and I was willing. If anyone's to blame, it's me! Blame me for falling in love with you... for having feelings for you!"

The two of them went back and forth, like a deeply affectionate couple.

I was tired of watching their performance.

"Are you done?" I asked.

"If you're done, I'll continue."

0