---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/421/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/421/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/421/2/"
---


The scene before me was nauseating.

"Kevin, you'd better make a choice between me and her today."

Kevin hurried to placate me.

"Honey, you know I love you, but I'm a man too. I have my own needs..."

"Besides, you know it's because you couldn't give birth that my dad, on his deathbed..."

"Your dad! You have the nerve to bring up your dad!"

I threw my phone hard, hitting him square on the nose.

But he didn't react at all, his eyes fixed on the photo on the screen.

It showed his father, beaming as he touched Chloe's pregnant belly.

"How... how did you get this photo..."

Clearly, the discovery that his father had faked his death came as a huge shock.

He didn't even know how to start lying.

At this point, what was there for me not to understand?

The three of them were putting on a show for me.

"Kevin, I've warned you many times. Why didn't you take it to heart?"

Kevin dropped the act.

"Yes! I lied to you! But don't you have issues too?"

"If you could have children, if you could arouse me, would I have cheated?"

With the truth exposed, Kevin chose the stupidest path.

That is, to turn against me completely.

I was stunned for a moment, then couldn't help but laugh.

I must have been too good to him all these years, making him forget who made his current lifestyle possible.

He couldn't really think he could afford mansions and sports cars on his $3000 monthly salary, could he?

"Kevin, I've been so tolerant of you only to end up like this. Don't blame me for being ruthless now."

"I'll have my lawyer send you the divorce papers. As for everything I've given you, I expect it all returned intact in three days."

With that, I strode away in my high heels.

Three days later, not only did I not see a single thing returned, I received a scolding from the miraculously resurrected billionaire:

"Sophia! What gives you the right to divorce What gives you the right to divorce my son? What can you do besides make money? You can't even satisfy a man properly. Who else would want you besides my son!"

"Alright, alright, I've decided to let him keep Chloe on the side. They can meet once a month, how's that? But you'll have to cover her living expenses!"

His shamelessness was truly like father, like son.

I smiled and said: "I spent over $100,000 on your funeral. When do you plan to pay me back?"

What money?

Chloe had already pocketed it all.

When the old lady heard this, she wasn't having it. She immediately jumped up:

"Have you no shame? I'm a billionaire! I didn't complain that you couldn't have children, and now you dare ask me for money? What sins did I commit in my past life to end up with such a wretched daughter-in-law!"

She looked ready to throw herself on the ground and start a tantrum.

I helpfully offered her a cushion: "Please continue, Uncle. I have other matters to attend to, so I won't stay to humor your antics."

His father couldn't stand this indignity. He chased after me, wailing dramatically:

"Help! My daughter-in-law is abandoning me!"

"At my age, I'm begging her and she won't even look at me! What a miserable life!"

Noticing camera flashes around us, I pretended not to see.

If they want to take photos, let them. Just make sure to use a beauty filter on me.

0