---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 5"
novel_index: "/novels/444/"
chapter_number: 5
next_chapter: "/novels/444/6/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/444/4/"
---


The PI's efficiency puts soap opera plot lines to shame. Those TV wives who spend ages trying to catch cheating husbands should just hire a PI without hesitation.

Just four days after I hired him, the PI had already identified the other man.

Someone familiar.

His name is Jake. A golden boy who made it out of his small town.

During college, he interned at my practice as a senior. After graduating, he worked for me for another six months. I even wrote him a recommendation letter for his current job...

Who would have thought? Talk about biting the hand that feeds you!

I almost laughed out loud.

Two weeks ago at an industry gathering, he clinked glasses with me and casually asked how I'd handle it if my wife cheated.

I thought it was an odd question at the time. Turns out it was his subtle way of declaring war.

I'm sure Olivia sensed his intentions too. That's why when I put the lighter in her pocket, she never suspected me.

"When did they start?" I asked the PI.

"Not sure yet, but they've been living together for 2 years. Here's their address..."

I looked at the address on the notepad.

It was an apartment complex not far from the university, also close to Jake's workplace. Convenient for both of them.

"Did they buy or rent?"

"Bought. In Jake's name."

I didn't need to ask who paid for it.

Jake only has a bachelor's degree and has been working less than 5 years. He's not well-known in the field yet, with a monthly salary of just over $1000.

Back in his hometown, the whole village would be eager to help out their college graduate. Plus he has a good-for-nothing brother who always needs support...

But that apartment complex, even at prices from 3 years ago, would cost at least $200,000 for 800 square feet!

I sighed.

Olivia is usually so frugal, she won't even buy me a $1000 watch. But for her lover, she easily shells out over $200,000 for an apartment!

"Don't be too heartbroken, man!" the PI consoled me. "Women are like that, thinking with their lower half."

"That guy isn't as good-looking as you, and his vibe is way off. Your wife just got bored and wanted some excitement."

I smiled wryly.

