---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 7"
novel_index: "/novels/444/"
chapter_number: 7
next_chapter: "/novels/444/8/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/444/6/"
---


Christmas came quickly.

Olivia showed up at my office with a huge bouquet of red roses, which was highly unusual for her.

The young staff at the office teased us as usual, giving envious looks, posting in the work SnapChat group about being "fed dog food" (seeing a sickeningly sweet couple)...

I left work early, browsed the mall a bit, bought a pair of shoes and a necklace for her. Then we went for a Western dinner.

I actually cherished the whole process, knowing it might be our last holiday together. But unexpectedly, halfway through dinner, Olivia got a call saying she had to leave.

She said her coworker had a fight with her boyfriend. They got into a physical altercation on the street and were now at the hospital. The police were taking statements. She had to go check on them.

I know most of Olivia's close coworkers who would call her for something like this.

I picked up my coat and said "I'll come with you", but Olivia stopped me. She told me to enjoy my meal, saying the people involved didn't want too many others to know. She promised to call me after playing peacemaker.

I understood immediately, reminded of those palace dramas on TV!

The favored concubines always like to flaunt their status in front of the empress, not knowing how they'll end up dead.

"Alright, you go ahead," I sat back down. "I'll finish dinner and then hang out at a bar for a bit."

Olivia smiled at me, leaned down to cup my face, and touched her forehead to mine affectionately. "Don't flirt with any floozies," she said in her usual doting tone.

I made a sound of agreement.

Keeping up the act, I teased back, "You never know! Better hurry back if you're gonna be jealous."

Olivia pinched my nose and turned to leave.

Watching her walk away, I called the PI: "Where are you? Olivia just left."

The PI said he was tailing Jake, then gave me an address.

From our restaurant to Jake's location, even with Christmas traffic, should take about 40 minutes by car. But an hour passed.

The PI messaged that Olivia still hadn't arrived.

I almost thought Olivia had a fourth lover on the side. Or maybe a coworker really did end up in the hospital. But 20 minutes later, the PI said Olivia had arrived...

