---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/276/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/276/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/276/1/"
---


Not only did I have to endure Damian’s humiliation, but I was also constantly harassed by his crony, Chad Miller.

One day, not long after Damian left, the doorbell rang.

Chad stood outside, a lecherous grin plastered on his face.

“Well, Mrs. Hayes, all alone at home, are we?” He tilted his head, his eyes scanning me from head to toe.

“Damian’s not here. Do you need something?” I asked coldly, my hand still on the doorframe, ready to shut it.

“Can’t a guy just drop by to see you?” He took a step forward, forcefully pushing his way inside.

“Get out.” I pointed to the door.

“Don’t be so cold.” He chuckled, moving closer and reaching out to touch my face.

“Mr. Miller, have some respect!” I quickly backed away, my voice icy. “If you don’t stop, I’ll call for help.”

“Call for help? Who are you going to call?” He scoffed. “This house belongs to Damian, you know. The staff? I already sent them away. Tsk, tsk. I heard Damian say you’re always failing to satisfy him. So I came specifically to help him ‘train’ you.”

With that, he suddenly lunged, grabbing my wrist. “Where should I start?”

His eyes roamed over my body, restless and invasive. One hand was already reaching for my clothes.

“Let go of me!” I struggled fiercely, but his grip was too strong; I couldn’t break free.

“Why are you acting so high and mighty?” He leaned down, his breath hot against my face, his lips almost touching mine.

“Damian is willing to share everything with his buddies, including women.” His laughter sickened me.

Even though I knew Damian didn’t love me, I was still his wife. I couldn’t believe he would allow this to happen.

Chad’s hand slid inside my dress. Just as he was about to exert more force, I bit down hard on his arm.

“Ah!” He cried out in pain, releasing me and glaring at me. “You little bitch, you’ve got some fight in you!”

Before he could react, I grabbed the vase from the table and hurled it at him.

*CRASH!* The vase shattered on the floor, fragments scattering everywhere.

“You crazy psycho!” He dodged awkwardly, pointing at me furiously. “You just wait, I’ll get you back for this!”

With that, he turned and slammed the door as he left.

When Damian returned, I told him what had happened.

He frowned, but his tone held a hint of impatience. “Why are you always provoking him?”

“Provoking him?” I was stunned. “He broke in!”

“If you hadn’t flirted with him, would he have acted that way? Go and reflect on yourself. You’re not eating dinner tonight. And besides, he’s my brother. We’ve always shared everything, including women.” Damian sneered, his eyes filled with suspicion and disgust.

Their words were identical. So, he really had given his silent consent.

From that moment on, the last shred of hope I held for him vanished completely.

