---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/221/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/221/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

"What did you just say? You want me to have dinner with Finn?"

I froze, holding a wine glass, staring incredulously at Asher across the table.

Today is our wedding anniversary. I prepared a candlelight dinner, thinking we would celebrate together.

But instead of a gift, he said this.

We were college sweethearts and joined the same corporation after graduation, though in different departments. He was in the Project Department, and I was in the Secretarial Department.

After five years, he remained a small team leader, while I had been promoted to Chief Secretary. Finn was my boss, and I was responsible for all his needs, practically on call 24/7.

I spent more time with Finn than with Asher.

I knew many colleagues gossiped about us, given the stereotype of a CEO and secretary. Besides, Finn was young, wealthy, and attractive.

But I always reminded myself that I was married. Asher and I had a strong relationship, from school to the working world. We were once the golden couple at school, with nearly a decade of history, and I had faith in us.

Asher looked down, avoiding my gaze. We both understood what “having dinner” implied.

He approached me, crouched down, and held my hand tightly.

"Adeline, Mr. Finn said if you have dinner with him, he’ll let me handle the coveted project. You know many in the Project Team are after it. If I don’t get it, my promotion this half of the year is doomed... Adeline, I’m begging you!"

Looking at this somewhat desperate man, my heart ached, and I wiped away a tear.

"Okay, I’ll do it."

Asher hugged me tightly, almost to the point of pain.

"Adeline, I knew you were the best. Once I finish this project, I’ll take a break and travel with you. Didn’t you always want to go to the beach?"

That night, I lay awake until dawn, listening to Asher’s loud snores and occasional sleep talking.

The next morning, Asher was up early. When I came out of the bathroom, he had picked out my clothes.

A fitted pencil skirt with a white lace blouse.

I frowned, reluctant. It was an outfit Asher had bought for our anniversary last year, one I only wore when we were alone to keep things exciting.

"I’m not wearing this. Didn’t you say it was just dinner? I’ll wear my uniform."

"Adeline, please wear this. It looks great... If Mr. Finn is in a good mood, he might promote me even more. Be good, for our future! Just endure it!"

