---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/221/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/221/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/221/1/"
---


In the end, under Asher’s insistence, I wore it.

Standing before the mirror, I bit my lip. The woman reflected had a great figure, the lace blouse with a hint of cleavage showing.

Before leaving, I put on a blazer to cover up.

Asher and I joined the corporation one after the other. The company had a no-office-romance rule, so few knew we were married.

Finn knew because I told him myself.

A few months after I became his Chief Secretary, he confessed to me. To refuse, I had to reveal I was married.

Since then, he minimized our alone time. I thought he’d transfer me out of the Secretarial Department, but instead, he investigated Asher and came up with this plan...

Just stepping onto the CEO’s floor, Finn walked out of the pantry with a coffee cup.

His gaze fell on me, and I instinctively forced a smile.

"Good morning, Mr. Finn."

"Morning, Secretary Adeline, you look... quite nice today!"

Before I could respond, he entered the office, and I sighed in relief.

Finally, it was time to leave. Colleagues bid goodbye one by one.

My phone showed two messages, one from Asher, and the other from Finn.

"Wife, I’ll wait for you at home!"

"Secretary Adeline, wait a few minutes for me!"

I turned off the screen, feeling too tired to reply.

I was about to fall asleep when a knock on the table startled me awake.

Finn looked amused.

"Did I scare you? Let’s go..."

I followed him into the CEO’s private elevator to the parking lot, keeping my distance, afraid a colleague might see us.

Finally, we reached the restaurant.

"Secretary Adeline, I apologize for this way of having dinner with you... I looked into Asher; he doesn’t deserve you..."

"Mr. Finn, my husband and I get along very well."

Finn leaned back slightly, with a hint of sarcasm at my words.

"Very well? Secretary Adeline, greed knows no bounds. Want to bet? Next time, Asher will send you to me without any request."

I bit my lip, feeling pale.

"He won’t... We’ve shared so many years!"

Even as I said it, I found it hard to believe. Seeing Asher offer me to another man for a project, what if there were more at stake next time? I didn’t dare imagine.

"If I win, you can’t refuse me anymore. If I lose, I won’t bother you again, how about it?"

That night, Finn was a gentleman and drove me home.

When I got out, he opened the car door, and I glanced up to see Asher peeking from the third floor.

"Adeline, remember our bet!"

I nodded silently.

In the following days, Asher successfully took on the project and was visibly happier. I felt somewhat relieved.

I didn’t expect to lose the bet with Finn...

A month later, one day after work, I came home to a strong smell of alcohol.

