---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/504/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/504/5/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/504/3/"
---


I was the one who pursued Liam. Or maybe not 'pursued' in the sense that he eventually came to love me back. 

It’s just, even after we married, he was always cold to me. He treated me with less than a third of the tenderness he showed Sierra.

 Maybe, if Sierra hadn't left, he would have married her instead.

"Oh no, why is the blood flowing backward?" Ms. Davies, the caregiver who brought me my meal, exclaimed.

I turned my head and saw that the IV line in the back of my hand was completely filled with blood. The caregiver immediately pressed the call button.

The nurse who came in was Megan, my former high school classmate. The impatience was written all over her face. 

She roughly ripped off the tape on my hand and pulled out the needle. It was true; back then, almost everyone in our class secretly called me a home-wrecker, malicious, and a ruthless climber.

She replaced the line and left.

Ms. Davies and Mrs. Stone both looked upset. The caregiver picked up my meal, ready to feed me, and said, "Maybe she's just in a bad mood."

"No, I noticed it. She's just... really rude to this girl. When our old man needs medicine, she's perfectly fine."

I didn't say anything, just told her, "Could you please buy me a small table? I'll put my food on it and eat by myself." My right hand was still in a cast, so only my left hand could move.

Before, if Megan had treated me like that, I would have torn into her. But now, I just felt too exhausted to argue about anything.

