---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 6"
novel_index: "/novels/504/"
chapter_number: 6
next_chapter: "/novels/504/7/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/504/5/"
---


From then on, Liam never visited me again. Dr. Evans returned, so Liam didn't need to cover for him anymore. Mr. Stone, me, and the other patients on this ward were all Dr. Evans's patients.

I heard there was a multi-car pile-up that night, with many injured. I also heard Liam went to another state for a medical exchange.

 When he returned, there was a major fire in the city, and the hospital was overflowing. Later, I heard he was dispatched overseas for further study. In short, he was always busy.

The bed next to mine saw a constant rotation of patients. Once I could get out of bed, I pushed myself through physical therapy.

 I was determined to stand up again, to be a normal person. No matter how painful the rehabilitation, I gritted my teeth and persevered in that therapy room, just like the other patients.

Of course, during this time, I became the laughingstock of my old social circle.

 The untouchable ice queen, bedridden after an accident, unable to care for herself, needing everything done for her.

Before, we were all medical students from a top university. But during my internship year, I injured my finger and couldn't be a surgeon. I gave up on that career. Several of my former classmates got jobs at City General.

But no one felt sorry for me. They only thought it was my karma. After all, everyone believed I had霸道地逼走了 Sierra, forcing her to go abroad.

