---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 7"
novel_index: "/novels/504/"
chapter_number: 7
next_chapter: "/novels/504/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/504/6/"
---


"You're completely back to normal. That's amazing."

Four months later, when I walked a stretch of road without any aids, my physical therapist clapped. "Thank you for your dedication."

"It's your incredible willpower. Honestly, your comminuted thigh fracture was extremely severe, but you're the only person I've seen who never uttered a single word of pain throughout the entire long process."

I smiled and said nothing.

I was discharged. I completed the paperwork and took a taxi from the hospital.

It had been almost half a year since I'd been back. I paused for a moment, my finger touching the fingerprint lock. The door opened to a faint smell of dust.

 Just as I'd guessed, Liam rarely came back either.

I tidied the sofa and opened the comforting chicken and rice soup I'd bought downstairs. I'd only taken two spoonfuls when my phone vibrated again.

I looked at the messages in the group chat and fell silent.

"Chloe's discharged."

"Whoa, already out? Wasn't she badly injured?"

"She's going to come back and cling to Liam again. Liam must have owed her something in a past life to be tormented by her like this."

"Stop it, she's still in this group. If she sees it, watch out for revenge."

"Shoot, wrong group!"

The messages in the chat were quickly deleted. I turned off my phone and continued eating my soup. I slept alone that night; Liam didn't come home.

The next morning, I lifted my stiff hand, rubbing my eyes. After a moment, I got up and dressed. I grabbed the things from the coffee table and headed out. 

Just before closing the door, I paused for a second, taking one last look at the three-bedroom apartment I had meticulously designed.

*Slam.* The door closed as I left.


In the orthopedic ward hallway, I saw Liam. They had just finished their morning meeting, and a group of doctors in white coats were coming out of the conference room.
