---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/553/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/553/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/553/2/"
---


“Briar, your grades slipped by dozens of ranks in the last monthly exam. You really need to take this seriously.”
Mr. Harrison, our class teacher, said earnestly, holding her report card. He glanced at Briar, then at Jax waiting outside his office, shaking his head with a sigh.
“It’s normal to have crushes at your age, but you need to keep your eyes open and make smart choices. Classmates should push each other to improve, not just think about having fun all the time.”
“I think Asher is doing great. He ranked first in the entire grade this time. He’s a role model for the boys…”
“Mr. Harrison.”
Briar cut him off, seeing Jax’s annoyed expression.
“I’ll handle my own affairs. You don’t need to worry about me.”
Briar snatched the report card from his hand and walked off towards Jax without a backward glance.
Jax brazenly blew a whistle, practically preening, then threw his arm around Briar’s shoulders, completely ignoring everyone else, and swaggered off.
No one at this school could control Jax.
His parents were prominent entrepreneurs.
The new school building being constructed was a donation from their family.
Mr. Harrison stared at their retreating backs, a pang of heartache hitting him.
He never imagined his best student would turn out this way.

I was on my way to turn in homework when I ran into Briar and Jax.
“Asher…”
Briar was about to greet me, but swallowed her words.
Jax had her hand clutched tight.
I felt his hostile glare.
Briar was quick to obey him, immediately averting her gaze.
She walked past me like a stranger.
Jax was jealous of me; I knew Briar must be thrilled about that, loving every minute of it.
She thought possessiveness was a sign of love.
That was fine.
Time to draw a line in the sand. We’d go our separate ways.

