---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/210/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/210/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

Laughter echoed through the office, chilling me to the bone.

“Declan really has me wrapped around his finger. He orchestrated the murder accusation. She’s been trying to have your child, not knowing her fertility meds were swapped for birth control.”

“If I wasn't curious about whose child it would be, she wouldn’t even have the chance to become a mother.”

Declan adjusted his glasses and said, “There's a 50-50 chance for both of us. Maybe we should bet on whose child it is. The loser buys Adeline three villas on the most expensive land.”

With their pride at stake, they agreed.

Adeline toyed with my private photos, sitting on the desk, laughing.

“I took these photos at the scene. I can’t wait to see her face when she finds out the truth.”

Declan placed his glasses on the table, a hint of malice in his voice.

“No one should let her find out about this!”

Adeline, with a touch of jealousy, said, “Declan, are you feeling sorry for her?”

“Not really. I'm just worried that if she finds out, she'll have an abortion, and the bet will be meaningless.” Declan continued his work without looking up.

The photos disturbed him. He casually tossed them but landed them precisely outside the door.

Quickly, I grabbed the photos and walked out. The stares from everyone felt like they were stripping me bare.

Back home, I poured a glass of strong liquor and downed it in one go. The burning sensation in my stomach brought tears to my eyes, as the office conversations replayed in my mind.

The day before the wedding, I had received an anonymous package. The words and photos accused my father of being a murderer, with my fiancé’s father as the victim.

He had hugged me and said, “Let’s not let the previous generation's issues affect ours.”

But the wedding I eagerly awaited only brought public humiliation, with words and photos displayed on the big screen, and his abandonment turning me into a social pariah.

Declan appeared among the crowd, offering a villa as a dowry to marry me, silencing everyone. He claimed he had loved me all along and if he couldn't marry me, he wouldn’t marry at all.

His determination moved me, but now I know it was all part of their game.

No wonder on the wedding day, Adeline's gaze was filled with a strange smile. She mocked my naivety, proud to have me as her plaything.

I endured bitter herbal medicine just to give him a child. The nightly milk I drank before bed, unaware of the person switching it all along.

For three years, Declan's companionship was just a facade to gain my trust.

A familiar scent from behind enveloped me as he hugged me, his hand resting on my stomach.

“My sources told me you went to the hospital today. Are you pregnant?”

He took the glass I drank from, “If you’re pregnant, drinking isn’t good.”

Seeing my red eyes, he asked, “Who made my beloved cry? I’ll make them pay.” He wiped my tears carelessly.

Then he ordered the maids to remove all the alcohol, telling me to point out anyone who upset me, and he’d deal with them.

I shook my head, they were innocent. Yet he had the maid taken away to be fed to the tigers.

