---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/210/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/210/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/210/1/"
---


I tried to stop him but was taken to see the scene.

“She didn’t watch over you, letting you drink alcohol. She deserves to die.” His words could decide life and death.

The bloody scene made me nauseous, and I rushed to the bathroom.

He looked at me with genuine concern, a stark contrast to his office demeanor.

“Let's go to the hospital. With you feeling this bad, I feel bad too.”

I gazed at him, his deep eyes, and nodded along.

At the hospital, Adeline and Beckett were at the OB/GYN.

The next moment, he asked the doctor for an amniocentesis, and I realized their intention.

The doctor was shocked, “The baby is just forming. Anesthesia can't be used, and it would harm the mother.”

“Just do it,” he said, pushing me into despair.

I held onto a sliver of hope as he walked over, “It’s just to check if the baby’s okay.”

I almost applauded his acting skills.

Inside, I heard him impatiently tell the doctor, “Check the DNA for me and him.”

The people outside gossiped, “No wonder they’re doing a DNA test so early. She must have done something shameful.”

“No anesthesia, it’s definitely not her husband's child.”

The doctor returned, no longer shocked, and was quite rough.

I endured the pain, slowly making my way out.

The doctor said it’d take a week for the results.

Declan wanted to carry me to the car, but Adeline left without looking back.

Beckett followed her, and I was left by Declan, who went after Adeline.

I clutched my stomach, barely making it to the hospital entrance, blocked by onlookers.

“How much for a night? Pregnant women must be interesting.”

“She’s free!”

I boarded my car amid the insults.

Returning home, I found my beloved dog dead in the rain. I ran to hold it.

In the distance, Declan was bandaging Adeline’s wound.

After his subordinate spoke to him, he glanced my way before resuming the bandaging.

He walked over with Adeline, looking down on me.

“This mad dog bit Adeline. It needed to be quieted forever.”

My eyes reddened as I looked at him.

“It’s gentle, never bites.”

Adeline weakly touched her bitten hand, catching my eye.

“Fiona, are you saying I wronged the dog?”

“I don’t even know if I should get a rabies shot.”

Declan waved, and the dog was tossed into the trash.

I screamed in horror, “No!”

“Fiona, it’s just a dog. You want one, I'll get you another.”

Then he left with Adeline.

The dog was a birthday gift from my parents. I had told him.

Now, because of Adeline’s words, it’s gone forever.

Ignoring them, I braved the rain to retrieve the dog and gave it a proper burial.

