---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/210/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/210/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/210/2/"
---


Inside, I saw his forgotten phone on the table. Ignoring my soaked clothes, I instinctively entered Adeline's birthday and unlocked it, revealing their sweet wallpaper. My heart ached.

On SnapChat, there was a pinned conversation titled "Only One." I clicked it without thinking.

The screen was filled with their discussions about me.

Adeline had set her eyes on the man I was to marry. Unable to take him openly, she resorted to underhanded tactics.

My fiancé's father was indeed murdered, but evidence was fabricated to frame my family, leaving my father restless in his grave.

Further down, videos of me in bed were in Adeline’s hands, and Declan’s message left me hollow.

“She’s not as good as you. You know how to please people.”

Adeline: “Then come over tonight. It’s your good brother’s turn there.”

Suppressing my anger, I read on, oblivious to the cold.

Recent messages revealed they had plans for my dog all along.

Adeline: “Your dog always barks at me. I’m scared.”

Declan: “Then come over here, and I’ll have a reason to deal with it.”

I never thought these words would come from him.

In the chat album below, my blood froze.

He had once said he urgently needed a necklace for his cousin. Without hesitation, I agreed, except for my most cherished one, he could take any.

He laughed, “You’re the best wife. Having you as a sister-in-law is a blessing for her.”

Now, that necklace was perfectly worn around Adeline’s neck.

I ran to check my cabinet in disbelief, and it was indeed gone.

It was my mother’s gift for my 18th birthday.

I stared at the photo, noticing a scar on her arm similar to mine. I had known her for so long, she never had a scar.

We were close cousins, sharing everything. But after I told her I saved a bloodied Chinese person in No Borders Country, she distanced herself.

With work being busy, I didn’t look into it. When we met again, she was Declan’s adopted sister, seemingly holding a grudge against me.

Suddenly, it all made sense. “So that’s it.”

Declan never knew about the scar on my arm. I hid it with foundation.

Checking the time, he’d be back soon looking for his phone.

I called his business rival.
I used to be very close to my cousin, sharing everything with her right away.

Ever since I told her about saving a blood-covered Chinese person in No Borders Country, she started distancing herself from me. I was too busy with work to delve into it, and when I saw her again, she had become Declan's adopted sister, as if we held a deep grudge against each other. Suddenly, it clicked for me, "So that's how it is."

Declan never knew about the scar on my arm, which I always covered with foundation. Glancing at the time, I figured he’d soon return to look for his phone. I dialed the number of his business rival.

"I can offer you what you want, plus a million-dollar deal. Are you interested?"

"What are the conditions?"

"Kidnap me in two days."

I gently touched my belly, "Declan will pay for this willingly."

Just as I put down the phone, he walked in, glaring at the phone’s location, displeased with anyone touching his things. His whole demeanor was tense as he looked at me, "You know everything?"

I played dumb, "What should I know?"

Declan held his head, noticing my clothes were soaked, and urged me to change. He didn't forget to mention he had just taken Adeline for her rabies vaccine.

I stood in front of the bathroom mirror, pulling at my face, realizing I couldn’t smile. The messages on my phone kept replaying in my mind. I desperately washed myself for an hour. Just as I came out dressed, I saw Declan about to go in.

"I saw you were in there for so long, worried you might faint."

"You’re not alone now, you’re carrying someone else too. Don’t mess around like that next time."

Before I could respond, he hurriedly left with his men.

I started preparing the divorce agreement and the recording.
