---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/248/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/248/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/248/2/"
---

The last rays of the sun kissed my haggard face. I swayed, then slowly stood up.

Without even putting on ointment for my wounds, I swallowed two fever reducers and went to buy an apology gift.

When Serena saw the gift I humbly offered, her smile grew even more innocent, and she enthusiastically pulled me inside.

"Riley, Liam cooked for me personally. You should join us."

With that, she darted into the kitchen, playfully wrapping her arms around Liam.

Liam smiled indulgently, tapping her forehead.

I pulled my gaze away, a sharp pang in my heart, and began to observe the home Liam and I once shared.

All the pink decorations I loved were replaced with Serena's preferred purple.

Even the family photos in the living room had been swapped out for their wedding portraits.

My bedroom was knocked down and turned into Serena's walk-in closet.

I lowered my head, afraid to look around any more, but then I noticed that every dish on the dining table contained ingredients I was allergic to.

I shot a look at Liam. He treated me like I was invisible, meticulously attending to Serena, serving her food, pouring her drinks, getting her tissues.

I'm highly allergic. Liam used to be so worried about me, often taking me for check-ups.

He'd pull the doctor aside to take notes on all the things I was allergic to.

But now, it seemed he had forgotten.

Serena gave me a defiant look, then placed a chili pepper on my plate.

"Riley, have you still not forgiven me?"

Liam glanced at me, his voice chilling. "If you're not eating, get out!"

My body stiffened as I ate the dishes.

Within minutes, a rash broke out on my face.

"Oh no, Riley, you look terrible! You scared me!"

Serena picked up a glass of water and splashed it on my face, then cowered into Liam's arms, her eyes glinting with malice.

I frantically covered my face, drenched and humiliated. "I'm sorry…"

"Get out!" Liam's voice seemed to hold a trace of heartbreak, yet it was as cold as winter snow.

Outside the villa, there was no heating. Snow fell on my shoulders, and my teeth chattered from the cold.

My stomach churned with agonizing pain.

In a blur, I saw Mom and Dad. They were smiling at me.

I was finally going to die. Was I finally going to be with Mom and Dad? I actually felt a flicker of happiness.

I staggered towards them…

A rough force yanked me back into an embrace.

"Are you trying to die, Riley?!"

Coming back to my senses, I realized I was standing in the middle of the road, a car speeding past just inches from me.

The warmth of Liam's embrace made me feel disoriented.
