---

layout: chapter

title: "Chapter 5"

novel_index: "/novels/13/"

chapter_number: 5



previous_chapter: "/novels/13/4/"

next_chapter: "/novels/13/more/"

---



The day I met Noah Chen was the same day Adam left for abroad.

After that dinner, Adam and I returned to our clearly defined boundaries, though I could feel Adam looking at me several times, but when I turned around, I only saw his back.

I met Noah Chen. As the only son of the Chen family, I had often heard about him.

He was wild in his youth, but before he even graduated from high school, he had helped his family secure a big project.

From the start of college, he had been working part-time at his family's company while studying at a top domestic university.

When Noah saw me, he couldn't stop smiling. I've always felt a bit awkward around good-looking people who act unpredictably like him.

So when he rested his chin on his hand and looked at me lazily, I couldn't help but ask a question.

"Why... do you want to..."

Get engaged to me.

Noah also smiled and gave his answer, "Because you're beautiful!"

I didn't quite understand. If it's just about looks, there are so many people more beautiful than me. But at that moment, what flashed through my mind were the words Adam's friend had said.

"...The type men like, and conveniently has an empty head. You can easily manipulate her to do whatever you want in the future. How perfect!"

I didn't say anything more. From the moment I agreed to Mom and Dad's proposal, I had treated my marriage as a transaction of gratitude. So whatever Noah wanted in the future, I would go along with it.

But Noah turned out to be quite different from what I had heard. Before, I had heard that Noah was flirtatious and unreliable, full of nonsense that you couldn't tell was true or false.

I agree with the part about him being full of nonsense.

Otherwise, this guy wouldn't send me a message saying he was going on a business trip and how tired he was, and then appear outside my school leaning against his car the next second.

Noah always found various reasons to ask me out on dates.

Today is the one-week anniversary of our engagement, today is some random holiday, today is the one-month anniversary of our first meeting...

He always came up with new ideas, whether it was picking me up from school or coming to my house to pick me up, always in a high-profile manner.

At first, Mom and Dad were worried that we wouldn't get along well, but when they saw me glaring at him and then unable to hold back a smile, they started smiling along with us.

And I seemed to be getting more and more used to Noah's presence.

He never joked about my looks or figure like others did. He sincerely praised my A+ grade report, and affirmed my clumsy but hardworking interest in learning to make clothes.

He also didn't spare his time, accompanying me to the library, to small diners, doing many things that Adam would find a waste of time just hearing about.

And I also seemed to be more adapted to having him around, even adapted to the point where I had forgotten how long it had been since I had thought about Adam, or instinctively started to hide when I heard Mom and Dad mention Adam at home.