---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 6"
novel_index: "/novels/538/"
chapter_number: 6
next_chapter: "/novels/538/7/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/538/5/"
---


"What are you doing? Still want to fight?" Mia looked closely and saw that the person stopping her from retaliating was her husband, Jake Sanders. Although they had entered the divorce cooling-off period according to procedure, they were still legally married.

Mia felt extremely wronged. Her own husband watched her get slapped in public, yet once again took Zoe's side. Seeing Jake arrive, Zoe immediately hid behind him with teary eyes, looking like a damsel in distress.

At this moment, Mia just felt disgusted. "I've heard about the landing incident this morning. Mia, can't you separate personal and professional matters? Don't take out your personal grudges at work." Jake looked coldly at Mia. Every word he said was to vent anger for Zoe.

Of all the airport staff, only Sophia, who wasn't present, knew Mia was Jake's wife. This scene looked more like Mia had stolen Zoe's man.

Colleagues around started gossiping. "I heard Mr. Sanders threw Zoe a welcome party last night. They were very intimate. People are saying they're together now."

"Yeah, I heard Mr. Sanders hasn't dated for years because he was waiting for his soulmate Zoe to return. Now they can soar through the skies together. Ah, they really are a perfect match. I ship it!" All these gossip voices rushed into Mia's ears. She couldn't bear to listen anymore.

The slap Zoe gave her earlier made her dizzy, and her ear seemed to start ringing. She didn't bother with Jake and Zoe behind her anymore, nor did she refute the rumors. She just wanted to leave the airport as quickly as possible.

She went home and packed a few things, planning to stay at the mountain villa for a while. It would be a good chance to prepare her English and courses for training in England.

Finally having the opportunity to be reborn as a pilot, Mia didn't want to waste any more time or energy on these irrelevant people and things.

The next day after work, Mia drove straight to the mountain villa. But when she opened the front door, she saw the person she least wanted to see.

"Zoe Parker? What are you doing here?" Mia was stunned.

