---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/5/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/5/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

"Why aren't you wearing protective gear, Olivia?!"
The shocked voice of my colleague, Jeana Louis, came from the doorway, with a hint of terror hidden in her eyes.
I didn't know what she meant at first. I was stunned for a moment and asked instinctively, "Why say so?"
I hadn't heard that the patient had a history of infectious diseases.
But Jeana backed away repeatedly as if she was avoiding the plague.
Standing as far away from me as possible, she said in a hurried tone, "This patient has AIDS and syphilis. You can't come into contact with him. Didn't Mr. Nathan Winchester tell you that?
"Oh my goodness, are you crazy? How could you perform the surgery without any protective measures at all?
"How old are you? Do you want to get infected with such a disease? Didn't your teacher remind you during your internship?"
Looking at my parents in their thick protective suits and Shirley being shielded by Isaac, I was dazed for a moment.
AIDS couldn't be cured in the medical field for the time being. Once I was infected, I would carry the virus for life.
After my heart skipped a beat, I stiffly turned my head and looked at Isaac, who was keeping Shirley behind him.
He was the best anesthesiologist in the hospital, and it was his responsibility to check the patient's medical history before the operation.
Words of accusation were on the tip of my tongue, but in the end, I joked, "Isaac, Jeana is just kidding, right? I didn't hear about any infectious diseases before I came in..."
"The patient does have AIDS. This emergency rescue was unexpected, and I didn't have time to tell you," he said.
The smile on my face froze. My own brother just dismissed me with those few casual words.
"Olivia, you've always been in good health, so it's okay. Shirley is in poor health, so that's why I didn't let her assist with this surgery. Weren't you always complaining that we were biased? Now that you've participated in this operation, you should be happy," Isaac said.
I couldn't hear what he said next.
My head was buzzing, my face turned pale, my hands were shaking uncontrollably, and tears were gradually welling up in my eyes.
In the silence, I let out a scream. "Why didn't you tell me!"
This was an infectious disease. Even if I wasn't their sister or daughter, but just an ordinary colleague, they should have told me the patient's past medical history.
My heart turned completely cold, but then I heard my mother, Cara Winchester, complaining impatiently, "Olivia, can you stop ruining the mood?
"Your father and I guessed that you would put on this affected act, so we decided not to tell you. Besides, you're just a junior nurse. It doesn't matter whether you know the patient's medical history or not. Shirley already knew about it, but she didn't back down either."
I laughed self-deprecatingly. "She's the furthest away from the patient and has the most comprehensive protective measures. Dad, Mom, Isaac, she's the apple of your eyes, but aren't I your family member too? Why didn't you tell me about this?"
In the silence, the operation went on in an orderly manner.
My father, Nathan Winchester, didn't even bother to spare me a glance.
It wasn't until the stitches were done that he snapped, "Olivia, you're being so unreasonable! Your mother and I clearly taught you that family scandals should not be made public."