---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/5/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/5/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/5/1/"
---

There was nothing but blame in his tone. No one could remain calm when they learned that they might be infected with AIDS.
What's more, I had a wound on my hand.
I stared at them blankly and finally realized that since I entered the operating room, they had been wrapped up tightly, wearing masks, goggles, and even double-layered rubber gloves. Throughout the operation, Isaac had seriously shielded Shirley behind him, preventing her from getting close to the operating table.
I had thought that Shirley was scared, and because my parents had been constantly ordering me to assist them, I was so busy that I was sweating all over and didn't have the time to pay attention to their strange attire.
It turned out that they were so afraid that Shirley might be in danger that they gave this opportunity to me.
My hands were shaking more and more, and I couldn't help but think about how painful it would be if I were infected and had to go through the treatment in the future.
But Cara was still scolding me. "The operation is done, and you didn't have any accidents. I think you're just being overly sensitive."
But this disease has an incubation period. I felt as if all the blood in my body had turned cold at that moment.
Once I came to my senses, I immediately left the operating room, disinfected myself, took the anti-retroviral drugs, and washed my hands countless times.
In the end, I lost my strength and leaned against the wall, tears streaming down my face uncontrollably.
Isaac never ate on time. Yesterday, I was worried that he would be hungry during his shift at the hospital, so I cooked his favorite steak sandwich myself.
However, when I was cutting the meat, I accidentally cut my index finger.
At that time, when I was holding the lunch box and casually mentioned that I had accidentally cut my hand and it hurt a bit, Isaac even took the first aid kit to put medicine on my wound and told me to have a good rest.
He was the most outstanding graduate of his class. He definitely couldn't have been unaware that AIDS was more likely to be transmitted when there was a wound, not to mention that the patient was constantly spitting up blood.
I couldn't help but wonder if Isaac really wanted me to die.
*****
While waiting for the test results, my heart was pounding wildly.
On the other hand, my parents, who had finished the operation, didn't care at all where I had gone. When they passed by me, they didn't even glance at me.
Holding Shirley's hands on both sides, they asked gently with soft expressions, "Shirley, you've worked hard during this operation. What would you like to have for dinner? That new French restaurant? Okay, it's on us. We'll take you there."
I opened my mouth, but I didn't know what to say. I just stared blankly as they walked away.
Ever since I was found by my family, my parents had never called me like that. They were not even willing to say one more word to me.
"Olivia, come here."
"Olivia, time for dinner."
"Olivia, Shirley has a math problem she can't solve. Teach her."
After I joined the hospital, their tone towards me was nothing but commands.
At this moment, Isaac said, "What are you standing there for? Didn't you hear that we're having a family dinner? Hurry up."
These words instantly woke me up, and I instinctively looked up at Isaac.
He frowned, still looking as unapproachable as ever, making people reluctant to get close to him casually.
Perhaps seeing the tears that hadn't dried on my face yet, he rarely softened his tone and said, "It was indeed my oversight not to tell you the patient's past medical history. I'm sorry. But Dad is about to be promoted to vice president of the hospital, and you'll benefit more when you work here in the future. So, stop making a fuss, okay? The hospital is really busy."
Finally, after thinking for a while, he added, "Also, Shirley has already gotten off work. You can help her write the report. I'll send you the location of the family dinner on your phone later. You made a scene just now, and Mom and Dad are very unhappy. Apologize to them later."
He still spoke to me in a commanding tone, sounding cold and distant, as if he was just giving orders to a subordinate.