---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/123/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/123/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/123/1/"
---

After arranging the details with Xavier, I walked back, but overheard Ethan talking to his subordinates by the yacht.

"Boss, the bride's wedding dress has arrived. It's the billion-dollar dress you requested from the royal auction."

"But we're worried about Aria. If she makes a scene and exposes our location, we might all be caught..."

Ethan was unconcerned: "I love Lily and will only marry her as my wife. Tomorrow's wedding must go smoothly. I won't allow any accidents."

"Not even Aria. I'll make sure she stays quiet."

"And keep your men's mouths shut. If anyone leaks even half a word, I'll feed them to the sharks!"

Although I had decided to leave, hearing the man who once loved me so deeply deceive and belittle me like this still made my heart ache.

Back in my room, I packed the luggage I wanted to take.

Besides ID documents, looking at the weapons all over the room, I realized Ethan had never really given me anything.

He would only throw various weapons at me, telling me to protect him well.

I had once asked him for dresses and jewelry, but he said:

"Aria, even in a dress and necklace, you don't look like a woman. Don't waste them."

But Lily's luggage had a whole truckload of jewelry and pretty clothes.

Why could she wear them but not me?

I searched the wardrobe and found a red dress at the bottom. I put it on with high heels and even did my makeup.

Just then, Lily barged into my room.

"Aria, you've read the diary, right? Ethan's most beloved..."

Her words stopped halfway as she saw how alluring and beautiful I looked after dressing up. She was dumbfounded.

When she recovered, she frowned and sneered:

"I thought you'd at least have some self-respect and leave quietly knowing Ethan doesn't love you."

"But you're still trying to seduce him, you shameless vixen! I'll tear you apart!"

She lunged at me to scratch my face, but her skills were so poor that I ended up slapping her instead.

"Aria! How dare you hit me, Ethan will make you pay!" Lily screeched angrily.

I crossed my arms and watched her jump around. "Thanks for the compliment. I'm definitely prettier than you."

A second after I spoke, she suddenly knelt down and started slapping herself:

"Sister, I'm the despicable one, marrying Ethan so thoughtlessly. You can beat me to death as long as you don't ruin the wedding!"

I was confused, when suddenly a kick came flying at me.

"Aria! Are you treating my words as wind in your ears? You dare bully Lily!"

Ethan's furious kick would have taken half my life if it had landed.

So, what was I to him after all?

A hunting dog he raised? A punching bag he could beat and scold at will after using me up?

I barely dodged, but twisted my ankle in the high heels. I winced in pain, forcing myself to look at him.

Ethan helped Lily up, his cold eyes looking at me.

Until he saw my face clearly, his eyes lit up for a moment, but his words were still icy.

"Aria, no matter how pretty you dress up, in my eyes you're not half as good as Lily."

Lily sobbed and grabbed Ethan's hand:

"Ethan, sister forced me to tell her. I couldn't keep the secret, I'm sorry..."

Ethan held her in his arms, full of tenderness: "It's just a small matter, no one blames you."

I smiled bitterly.

He had just threatened his men with their lives to keep the wedding a secret, but when Lily blabbed to me it became a small matter.

She really had no restrictions with him, so pampered.

So what was I? Just a fool?

"So you're really going to marry her?" I stared hard at Ethan.

I cared too much about how he would explain to me.

I thought he would at least feel guilty, panic, beg me to let go of the past and give them his blessing.

But Ethan just frowned slightly, unconcerned:

"Yes, the wedding is tomorrow. I'll allow you to attend, but don't cause trouble. Aria, don't force me to deal with you."

In an instant, my last hope for Ethan was shattered.

It wasn't the right time to marry me, just because it was me.

When it came to Lily, all the dangers and threats suddenly weren't obstacles anymore.

He could even brazenly offer to let me attend their wedding.

How could someone be so heartless?

I held back tears, gritting my teeth: "Get out..."

But Lily pushed further:

"Ethan, I don't know many people here. I want sister to be our bridesmaid, but I'm afraid of offending her..."

Seeing his beloved girl plead so carefully, Ethan softened and ordered me:

"Aria, since you know we're getting married, being a bridesmaid shouldn't be a problem, right?"

"I don't want to see you two, get out!"

My anger finally exploded. I picked up a stick from the corner and chased them out.

"Get out!"

With a bang, I slammed the door shut and collapsed on the floor, gasping for air.

A tear of despair leaked from the corner of my eye.

As I was grieving, my phone suddenly lit up with a message from Xavier.