---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/43/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/43/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

The next day, while Chloe was accompanying her dear Ryan abroad, I packed up all my belongings and took a taxi to the airport.

"He's going abroad to chase after the missus again. When will he realize that she doesn't love him?" I overheard the housekeepers gossiping behind my back as I was leaving.

"I know, everyone knows the missus and Mr. Cooper were childhood sweethearts. If it wasn't for his sister seducing Mr. Cooper and then abandoning him back then, the missus would have married Mr. Cooper long ago. How could it be his turn?"

"Shh, don't say that. He's pitiful enough as it is. It's all because of that awful sister of his who passed away."

I was used to hearing this kind of talk. It was only after marrying Chloe that I learned Ryan Cooper, her first love, was the man who had tried to drown himself and became mentally unstable after breaking up with my sister.

After that, Chloe's personality changed drastically. She repeatedly humiliated me for Ryan's sake. The housekeepers also started targeting me, trying to curry favor with Ryan.

Thinking of this, I turned around and smiled coldly at them.

"I'm sorry, but I'm not going to find Chloe this time. I'm leaving the country and never coming back."

I ignored their mocking expressions and left without looking back.

Just as I reached the front gate, I got a call from Chloe. Her self-righteous voice came through the phone: "I sent you a location. Go there to test the new medication."

I smiled bitterly as I opened the map to the medical facility she had sent.

After Ryan fell ill, Chloe spared no expense to find miracle drugs to cure him. But the experimental drugs had major side effects and weren't guaranteed to work.

She couldn't bear to see Ryan suffer, so she forced me to be the test subject for Ryan's medications instead.

At first I refused desperately, but Chloe had people forcibly take me to the medical facility and tie me down to test the drugs.

Several times I felt terribly sick from the side effects. During those times, Chloe would comfort me gently.

In my hazy state, I thought I saw glimpses of the Chloe who used to love me before we got married.

I thought she would eventually come to her senses.

Until Ryan had another episode, and she insisted on having me test an extremely dangerous drug, ignoring the doctor's warnings.

That time, the drug nearly killed me. I was rushed to the hospital for emergency treatment.

But Chloe never came to see me once. She was too busy reading bedtime stories to Ryan at the nursing home.

I finally gave up hope. The Chloe who used to love me dearly before we married was truly gone.

"I don't have time," I replied curtly.

"No time?" Chloe said coldly. "You have to make time. Don't forget, Ryan's illness is because of whose sister. You must atone for your sister's sins to Ryan. Otherwise don't blame me if I divorce you!"

"His illness has nothing to do with me or my sister. As for divorce..."

I was about to say "then let's get divorced", when Ryan's weak voice came through the phone.

"Chloe, it's okay if Adrian doesn't want to. I can test the drug myself."

"No way, the doctor said this drug has some side effects. We'll wait until after it's been tested before you take it, okay sweetie?" Chloe's voice was as gentle as flowing water.

Compared to how coldly she treated me, it was like two completely different people.

I no longer felt the hurt and anger I used to. I only felt numb and cynical now.

Seeing my silence, Chloe naturally assumed I had agreed. Her tone softened a bit.

"Adrian, I know you always feel awful after testing the drugs. But Ryan's condition is improving day by day. As the brother of the person mainly responsible, shouldn't you feel happy about that?"

"Ryan already said he doesn't blame your sister anymore. You should learn from his magnanimity and forgiveness. He's always been kindhearted, but ended up like this because of your sister."

Ryan chimed in softly: "It's alright, this isn't really Adrian's fault after all."

Though he said that, there was a hint of mockery in his tone.

Chloe didn't notice and replied tenderly: "You dummy, always so naive. If someone sold you, you'd probably help them count the money."

Ryan said coyly: "With you here, who would dare try to take advantage of me?"

The two of them went back and forth flirtatiously.

I stayed silent, not bothering to argue anymore.

Back then, Ryan had obsessively pursued my sister even after she broke up with him. He cheated on her multiple times when they were together.

My sister couldn't take it anymore and asked to break up, but he framed her by attempting suicide and making her look like the bad guy.

Afterwards, he packaged himself as an innocent victim whose feelings were toyed with. Meanwhile, my sister faced relentless cyberbullying and took an overdose one night.

I had tried to explain the truth to Chloe countless times, but she never believed me.

"Hurry up and go test the drug. Don't delay Ryan's treatment. He's not feeling well right now."

Chloe hung up before I could respond.

Not long after, I saw Ryan's latest social media update.

The two of them were strolling hand in hand on a beach, looking like the perfect couple.

As the light glinted off Ryan's hand, I saw he was wearing the wedding ring Chloe had taken off at my birthday party to comfort him.

I scrolled down further.

At 7 AM that morning, Ryan had carried Chloe on his back to climb a mountain and watch the sunrise.

His face looked rosy and healthy, without a trace of illness.

The two of them were like newlyweds on their honeymoon.

I smiled sardonically, not bothering to confront Chloe anymore.

In the past, I always thought that once I proved my sister's innocence, Chloe would regret her actions.

Now I realized Chloe didn't care about the truth at all. All she cared about from beginning to end was Ryan.

I was about to get in the car when I got a panicked call from a friend.

"Adrian, quick, check the trending topics online. Those photos must be fake, right?"