---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/43/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/43/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/43/1/"
---

I clicked on the trending topic and was immediately assaulted by intimate photos of myself from various angles.

My vision went black for a moment. The comments below were full of vicious rumors and mockery.

[Who knew Adrian Shaw looked so prim and proper on the outside, but was such a slut in private.]

[I've seen Adrian Shaw before he married Chloe. He was already like this, working as an escort at clubs.]

[Chloe is so generous to share her toy with us. When do we get a turn to play?]

Countless filthy words flooded my eyes. My whole body broke out in a cold sweat.

I had no idea when Chloe had taken these photos of me.

My heart and temples were pounding uncontrollably. I quickly tried calling Chloe.

She didn't pick up after over a dozen calls.

My mother called to berate me for bringing shame to the family.

It was a while before Chloe finally called back.

Faced with my questions, she was nonchalant: "Ryan was playing with my phone and accidentally posted them. Why are you making such a big deal out of it? I've already had people delete the photos."

I bit my lip until it bled: "Don't you know many people have already saved them?!"

"So what if they saved them? Just don't look at them and it'll be fine. Ryan didn't do it on purpose. Don't tell me you want him to apologize to you?"

"He did something wrong. Shouldn't he come apologize?"

"Dream on. Keep this up and I'll divorce you!"

"Fine, let's get divorced then."

There was a pause on the other end of the line.

In the past, no matter how fiercely we argued, I had never mentioned divorce.

We got married in winter and went to Iceland for our honeymoon. She insisted on bringing Ryan along, saying he wasn't feeling well.

While skiing, she told me to give my coat to Ryan. When I refused, she forcibly took it off me and left me on the ski slope.

By the time I made it back to the hotel, frozen stiff, she ordered me a bowl of pear soup and apologized.

"Ryan's body has never fully recovered since he tried to drown himself that year. I was worried he'd catch a cold, that's why I acted so hastily."

She pleaded for my forgiveness with tears in her eyes.

I softened, thinking of how good she had been to me before. I told her it was okay.

I thought my forbearance would be rewarded with Chloe's care and remorse.

I thought eventually the truth would come out and she would have a change of heart.

But I never imagined my yielding would only make her more and more excessive.

Chloe seemed to think I was just saying it in anger. After a moment of silence, she said dismissively:

"Come on, it's just a few photos. Why are you acting like it's the end of the world?"

"Ryan even told me to pass on his apologies. I didn't expect you to be so petty, threatening divorce over such a small thing."

"Fine, to make it up to you for this incident, I promise we'll have a proper celebration for your birthday when I get back. Happy now?"

"I'm going to pretend I didn't hear you mention divorce. Go online and post an apology statement for me. Then we can put this behind us."

"You have 10 minutes. Otherwise I really will divorce you."

Afraid I would keep pestering her, Chloe quickly hung up.

In the past, whenever she threatened divorce, I would obediently do as she said.

But what I cared about was never the divorce itself, but losing the chance to be with her.

Now I finally understood that a relationship that started wrong was doomed to go wrong and end wrong.

I insisted on not giving in. I sent her a message:

[This was Ryan's fault to begin with. I don't know what state of mind he was in to "accidentally" post so many photos. As the victim, why should I take responsibility for him? Either he apologizes, or I'm pressing charges.]