---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/43/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/43/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/43/2/"
---

After sending the message, I turned off my phone and continued heading to the airport.

After marrying Chloe, even though she didn't treat me well, she would always try to make it up to me afterwards.

Sometimes with cash, sometimes with jewelry and gifts.

I sold all the jewelry and gifts, saving up a sizeable amount.

This money would be enough for me to live comfortably from now on, without having to rely on anyone else.

On the way to the airport, I stopped by to hand over the signed divorce papers to the staff.

When getting Chloe to sign the papers earlier, I had hoped she would notice. But Ryan had another episode then, so she rushed out the door and signed the last page without even looking.

"Are you sure you don't want to take another look?" I had asked, clinging to one last shred of hope.

"No need. If it's the liability waiver for the drug trials, it must be fine," she had replied.

I smiled bitterly.

As long as it involved Ryan, she would agree without hesitation, not caring about my life or death.

I handed over the documents. The staff told me they needed to confirm the breakdown of the relationship with the person directly before they could process the divorce.

I showed them sweet photos Chloe had taken with Ryan, as well as our smashed wedding photo that she had broken in a rage over Ryan. The staff still said it wasn't enough.

"We need verbal confirmation from the person themselves."

I reluctantly turned my phone back on.

As soon as it powered on, countless messages and missed calls from Chloe popped up.

Because I hadn't gone online to apologize within her set time limit, causing damage to the company's and her reputation.

She hurled all kinds of insults at me, finally declaring she would divorce me.

I showed all the messages to the staff one by one.

There was pity in their eyes, but they still shook their heads.

I had no choice but to call Chloe.

After a long time, she finally picked up.

"Chloe, our relationship..."

"What relationship? Nothing you say now matters. Ryan fainted because you threatened to sue him. Get over here and kneel down to apologize to him right now, or I'm divorcing you!"

Thinking I would beg for forgiveness like before, Chloe hung up immediately.

The staff finally believed me. With sympathetic looks, they started processing the paperwork, saying the divorce certificate would be issued in a month.

As I walked out of the civil affairs bureau, a black van suddenly pulled up. Several bodyguards rushed out and forcibly dragged me into the van.

The bodyguards took me on a private jet to the resort island where Chloe and Ryan were staying.

Because I struggled too much, the bodyguards tied me up.

Looking around the villa, I realized it was the one Chloe had bought to make up to me years ago.

Familiar laughter drifted in from outside.

I called out Chloe's name as the door opened.

Ryan sauntered in wearing my slippers and the couple's pajamas Chloe and I used to share. His hair was disheveled as he walked in with the air of the man of the house.

"I casually mentioned it to Chloe, I didn't expect her to actually have you brought here."

As he spoke, he stomped on my fingers. His pupils reflected my pained expression with glee.

"Your face looks so much like your sister's. So much that I want to destroy you like I destroyed her. What right did she have to act proud in front of me? She even dared to try to dump me."

"I'll tell you the truth - your sister didn't commit suicide. I killed her."

My features twisted in agony as tears rolled down my reddened eyes.

I couldn't believe what I was hearing.

Chloe walked in from outside and instinctively bent down to check my injured fingers: "How did you get hurt?"

As soon as the ropes were loosened, I forcefully pushed her away and shouted: "Ryan killed my sister!!"

Chloe's eyes flickered: "What nonsense are you spouting? Your sister overdosed because she couldn't handle the criticism. It had nothing to do with Ryan."

I laughed bitterly.

Ryan hid behind Chloe, smiling mockingly: "Chloe, is Adrian still mad at me?"

"What right does he have to be angry? It was just a few photos. Adrian, apologize to Ryan right now and I'll forgive your tantrum."

I lunged at Ryan.

"I'll make you pay for my sister's death!!"

Chloe forcefully pushed me away.

I crashed into the table behind me. Sharp pain immediately shot through my lower back as I gripped the table for support.

After carefully checking if Ryan was frightened, Chloe yelled at me furiously.

"What's wrong with you?! If anything happens to Ryan because of you, I'll never forgive you. Go downstairs now, the doctor for the drug trial is here too."

"I won't go."

"What did you say?" Chloe furrowed her brows. "Adrian Shaw, this is your duty. If you keep being unreasonable, I swear I'll divorce you!"

"I have no duty towards a murderer."

I bit my lip and threw the divorce papers at Chloe, ignoring the pain.

"Also, we're already divorced!"