---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 5"
novel_index: "/novels/250/"
chapter_number: 5
next_chapter: "/novels/250/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/250/4/"
---


Because of my blood, Julian completely lost interest in confronting me face-to-face.

He decided to divorce me via SnapChat.

Since he’d deleted my chat thread when transferring data, he typed my name into the SnapChat search bar, only to find “no user found.” It was then he realized he’d never even saved me as a contact.

Julian froze, unable to recall what my SnapChat username was.

He then opened his phone book, intending to search for my account by number, but discovered he hadn’t even saved my phone number.

*Check recent calls, you idiot!* I wanted to sigh. *He probably forgot I called him so many times.*

He opened his SnapChat contacts and started scrolling through, one by one.

This was the first time he’d ever paid this much attention to me, all just to find my SnapChat so he could divorce me.

I didn't make him work too hard. My profile picture was Buddy, and my username was “Spring and Sunshine,” starting with ‘S’, so he found it quickly.

He even noticed the clever touch in my username.

“Gross,” he muttered.

He drafted the message and, the moment he hit send, Julian let out a long, slow breath, then leaned back, casually draping an arm around Celeste’s shoulders, looking utterly relaxed.

Celeste stroked Buddy, her face etched with lingering fear. “I was so scared earlier. Seeing Buddy’s fur covered in bright red blood almost made me faint.”

Julian’s arm dropped.

“You’re afraid of blood?”

“Yeah, sometimes I even faint at the sight of red liquids that look like blood.”

Noticing Julian’s darkening expression, Celeste cautiously asked, “What’s wrong?”

“How can someone with red-green colorblindness be afraid of blood?”

“I’m not red-green colorblind,” Celeste replied, utterly confused. “Why are you suddenly asking that?”

Julian’s breathing quickened. “You’re not red-green colorblind? Then how did you get that little white pipe cleaner dog?”