---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/88/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/88/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/88/1/"
---

Thinking of everything from my past life, I couldn't help but clench my fists.

At this moment, Mom and Emily were already excitedly pushing open the coffin lid in front of me.

I instinctively took a step back.

The next second, the joy on Mom and Emily's faces froze when they saw the vampire queen in the coffin.

Then, just like in my past life, Mom turned to me and hissed.

"Jack, come here quickly!"

I looked at them warily and stepped back again.

This time, no one was going to force me to be a vampire's groom again.

Living day and night in a narrow coffin, sleeping with a cold vampire - I never wanted to experience that life again.

If they tried to force me, I'd bash my head against the coffin and die.

Then none of them would be able to escape.

But what I didn't expect was that this time, Ryan rushed out from behind me.

"Mom, let me be the vampire's groom!" Ryan's eyes flashed with excitement.

Hearing Ryan's words, Mom's face changed.

"Ryan, don't be reckless. Come back here."

But Ryan urged Mom, "Mom, hurry up! If she wakes up, it'll be too late."

Seeing this, Mom hesitated no longer. She immediately cut Ryan's hand and chanted a string of incantations.

Ryan was very cooperative. He didn't even need Mom to push him; he eagerly climbed into the coffin himself.

Before going in, he waved to us and said, "Mom, Dad, you guys should leave quickly. I'll be fine."

Seeing this, I was certain Ryan had also been reborn.

But I didn't say anything. I just turned and ran quickly towards the exit of the tomb.