---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/376/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/376/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

In our Clan, the women hold all the power. Women can have multiple partners and attendants, but their primary mate must always be a Beast-kin. So, once a girl turns eighteen, she must choose a Beast-kin to be her lifelong companion.

Today was the big day. Mom was taking my sister, Valerie, and me to choose our Beast-kin.

The arena buzzed with excitement. A spectacular Beast-kin challenge was in full swing. On the platform, a magnificent Leopard Beast-kin, massive and imposing, had won eight matches in a row, unchallenged. Below, the crowd roared with cheers, and girls showered him with flowers, tossing them onto the stage.

Valerie immediately set her heart on that formidable, awe-inspiring Leopard Beast-kin. But I was the older sister, and according to tradition, I was supposed to choose first.

“The Leopard is my lucky spirit beast, Mom! He’s perfect for me! I want him!”

Before I could even speak, Valerie threw her arms around Mom’s arm, whining and trying to charm her.

In my previous life, to prevent me from picking the strongest Beast-kin, she’d tricked me, poisoning me with a potent sedative. I never even made it to the arena, too incapacitated to choose a Beast-kin.

This time, I’d poured out that spiked bird’s nest soup. Valerie knew I might pick the strongest, so she’d tried to get ahead of me.

Mom, doting on Valerie, patted her hand. Then she turned to me, her voice brooking no argument. “Cassandra, the Leopard isn’t right for you. Since Valerie likes him so much, just let her have him!”

Valerie’s father was Mom’s favorite partner, and her favoritism for him spilled over to Valerie, making her the darling of Mom’s heart. My own father, though he was Mom’s primary mate, was aloof and proud, never one to curry favor with her. Three years ago, he’d fallen ill and passed away. Mom had always been biased, but now it was a blatant display of favoritism.

