---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/376/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/376/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/376/2/"
---


At that moment, Mom looked worried. “Choosing a Beast-kin means choosing someone to face life and death with, to go through trials with. This wolf is too weak, Cassandra. Are you sure you want him?”

“Sister, you should still choose the fox! He’s a six-tailed fox, much stronger than that wolf Beast-kin!” Valerie pushed for Kaelen.

This made me seriously suspect they’d already conspired, waiting for me to fall into their trap. Mom was the Cloud Clan Leader, and Valerie and I, as heir candidates, had to enter the Clan Leader assessment dungeon with our Beast-kin. That dungeon was treacherous and dangerous; most who entered never returned. Only by successfully navigating it and retrieving the Clan Leader’s Staff could one inherit the position. So, powerful and mighty Beast-kin were hot commodities.

They thought the wolf Beast-kin I chose was useless! But the truth was, only I knew he was hiding his true strength, how incredibly powerful he actually was! He was the infamous Beast-kin, Ryker, who later unified the entire Beast-kin tribes. Yet, for me, he’d torn up the Beast-kin and Cloud Clan marriage treaty and used all his spiritual power to destroy the Cloud Clan’s sacrificial altar, just to give me a chance at rebirth.

In my memories, Ryker and I had never crossed paths. I didn’t understand why he would sacrifice so much for me. So, this time, I chose him. Not only to repay his kindness, but also to unravel the mysteries in my heart.

“Wolves have only one mate for life. I only like loyal men.”

Seeing my firm stance, ready to leave with Ryker, Kaelen desperately grabbed my arm. “He’s the weakest of all the Beast-kin! He was just brought in to fill a spot, he’s practically dying! Why do you want him? Choose me, I’ll be loyal to you!”

Loyal to me? That was the funniest joke I’d ever heard.

“Get lost! I hate foxes!”

He scrambled up and hugged my leg, his posture incredibly pathetic. “I’ll do anything you want, just don’t leave me! I can be a secondary…”

“Valerie, he’s so devoted to you, why don’t you keep him?”

High-ranking women in our Clan could have multiple partners. Mom even said if I was willing, she wouldn’t mind if I got another Beast-kin. If I hadn’t lived through the last life, I might have wavered. But now, I certainly wouldn't invite a fox into my den to cause trouble again!

Ryker watched Kaelen, his face growing darker and darker. Without a word, he kicked Kaelen away.

“Good boy.” I playfully squeezed his smooth, pale cheek.

He nervously turned his head, the tips of his ears flushing slightly.

