---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/376/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/376/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/376/3/"
---


With my careful nurturing, Ryker’s injuries healed completely. His spiritual power surged incredibly fast, and he grew stronger with each passing day. When we were alone, he’d often shift into his wolf form and play with me. When he got tired, he’d automatically transform into my soft, furry pillow. It was only later that I realized: whenever he was in human form, he’d blush uncontrollably around me. So, the sly guy just decided to stay in wolf form to avoid the awkwardness.

What truly puzzled me was that Ryker, in this life, couldn’t speak for some reason. I guessed it was a heavenly punishment for helping me defy fate and change my destiny. To cure his muteness, I took him to countless doctors, but they all said it was incurable.

The whole clan, hearing that my chosen Beast-kin was not only the weakest but also mute, secretly mocked me for my poor judgment. They guessed I’d never get the Clan Leader’s Staff and started flocking to Valerie, sucking up to her. I, however, enjoyed the peace and quiet.

One afternoon in the garden. I leaned back against Ryker. I idly played with his fluffy ears while telling him the story of the scar on the back of my hand. His bright eyes misted over with a gentle haze as he tenderly licked the scar. His soft tongue felt like silk, tickling me deep inside. I couldn’t help but laugh, pushing his head away, telling him to stop licking.

He seemed incredibly happy, rolling over and shifting into his human form. He held my hand, his gaze burning as he looked at me.

“Oops, am I interrupting something?” Valerie walked over, a bright smile on her face.

Seeing the sticky look in her eyes as she gazed at my Ryker, I sent Ryker away to fetch me a shawl. “Did you need something?”

Valerie reluctantly pulled her gaze away. “I never would have guessed that little wolf no one wanted would turn out to be such a handsome man! Too bad he’s mute!” Seeing my face darken, she smirked slyly. “I have an East Sea Pearl here that can cure Ryker’s muteness. Do you want it, Sister?”

Valerie snapped her fingers. Kaelen, holding a brocade box, walked over, his head bowed submissively.

“Sister, Kaelen got this treasure for me, using every method he could, risking his life for it. He wants to serve in your household, and this is his welcome gift.” Legend had it that the East Sea Pearl was a rare treasure, capable of completely curing any kind of blindness, deafness, or muteness.

5