---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/153/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/153/5/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/153/3/"
---

I crouched down to check Lily's injuries.

Zachary's eyes were bloodshot as he kicked me hard in the chest.

"You bitch! You're too vicious!"

He treated me like an enemy, kicking me viciously.

My vision went black, and I fell to the ground, clutching my chest, unable to move.

Xavier took the opportunity to slap me.

"How can Lily have such a shameless sister like you!"

"Pah! We'd rather marry a beggar than marry you!"

Zachary picked Lily up in his arms, looking at me and enunciating each word: "If anything happens to Lily, I'll make you pay double!"

I lay on the ground for a while before staggering to my feet.

My chest ached, but I suppressed my anger and got into the car, telling the driver to take me back to the Reed house.

If they show no compassion, they can't blame me for being ruthless!

Now, not only will I kick them out of the Reed family, but I'll also make them pay back every penny I invested in them!

I returned home furiously, only to hear a chorus of laughter.

Seeing me, Lily trembled violently, as if she had seen something terrifying.

Felix shielded her behind him, his eyes blazing as he looked at me:

"You dare to come back!"

It seems Dad had already told them.

I sneered, "Since you know, why don't you get out quickly?! You're of no use here anymore!"

"You?!"

Felix pointed at me, his hands shaking.

Zachary stood in front of the others, looking righteous: "If you have any anger, take it out on me. But asking us to leave the Reed family? Impossible."

"I've already told Mr. Reed that Lily and I are getting married. From now on, Lily and I are the heads of the Reed family."

"Felix and Xavier will be our right-hand men in the future, helping us manage Reed Enterprises. Their stay or departure is not for you to decide."

"You have no right to come back!"

Xavier slapped his thigh and laughed out loud: "You still think you're the Reed family's eldest daughter? Once Lily has a child, you'll be out on the streets!"

"Although only one of us can marry Lily, even so, we absolutely won't let you have any advantage. If you kneel down and apologize to Lily now, we might be merciful enough to let you have a child, so you won't be lonely even after being kicked out of the Reed family."