---

layout: chapter

title: "Chapter 1"

novel_index: "/novels/2/"

chapter_number: 1

next_chapter: "/novels/2/2/"

---



"Miss Sullivan, please have a seat. The head of the family is on his way back from the office," Mrs. Wilson, the housekeeper, said with a respectful smile.

"He'll be here any minute now."



I waved my hand dismissively. "Alright, no need to fuss."



I was born with the gift of prophecy. Whatever I say comes true.



Mr. Harrison was initially skeptical about my abilities.

Two years ago, he tested me by asking about their stocks. I simply said they would rise.

That very night, their stock prices soared.



The Harrison family, once on the brink of collapse, managed to stay afloat for two more years thanks to my single statement.

Since then, Mr. Harrison knew I was the one he had been looking for.



To get me to use my gift again, he pulled out all the stops.

He even offered to make me an honored guest of the Harrison family, with a promise of lifelong respect and care. Only then did I reluctantly agree.



After Mrs. Wilson settled me in, she went to the kitchen to prepare some fruit.

The other servants treated me with utmost respect, their eyes filled with reverence.



As I sat on the couch waiting for Mr. Harrison to return, a sharp pain suddenly shot through my scalp.

I frowned and turned around, only to have a glass smash against my head, leaving me bloody and dazed.

Clutching my forehead, I saw Vanessa Chen's twisted face through the haze of blood.



Seeing me injured, the two nearby servants immediately panicked.

"Miss Sullivan is our master's honored guest. Who are you?" one of them demanded.



Vanessa gritted her teeth. "Don't you dare touch me. I'm your young master's girlfriend!"

"You shameless hussy, how dare you seduce Lucas!" she spat at me.



Her friends surrounding her all looked at me with contempt.

"Look at her, so poor and pathetic. How could she compare to our Vanessa?"

"Anyone with eyes can see who the better choice is."

"You cheap homewrecker, we're going to teach you a lesson today."



They took turns calling me a mistress, reducing me to nothing.

I frowned, my voice cold. "I'm not a mistress. Stop spreading lies."



As I turned to leave, Vanessa's hand whipped across my face with a resounding slap.

"Shameless bitch, don't think I haven't seen you hanging around my boyfriend all the time," she snarled.

"You're probably scheming to seduce him every day, aren't you?"



Her long nails jabbed towards my eyes as she shrieked.

Suddenly, I remembered Lucas Harrison.

To get me to use my gift to help the Harrison family, he would come to me every day, showering me with attention.

I had no idea Vanessa was his girlfriend.



The servants around us quickly realized the situation and surrounded me, carefully trying to tend to my wounds.

My voice was icy as I spoke, "Mr. Harrison invited me here to help. I have nothing to do with your boyfriend."



One of the servants timidly spoke up in my defense. "Miss Sullivan has the gift of prophecy. Whatever she says comes true."



Upon hearing this, Vanessa doubled over with laughter, tears streaming down her face.

"You claim to have the gift of prophecy? Well, I might as well say I'm a fairy from heaven!"

"You've said so many things, but I haven't seen any of them come true."



I sighed inwardly.

Although I did have the gift of prophecy, it only worked once a year.

I wouldn't use this ability carelessly.



Vanessa sneered, crossing her arms. "Do I look like some fool who would believe such nonsense?"

"You dare to be the other woman to me, Vanessa Chen? I'll make you pay for this."



Her eyes bore into me like a venomous snake.

The people around her took a step forward, their eyes filled with mockery as they looked at me.

She was here for me.



I took a step back, my voice hoarse. "If you lay a hand on me, the Harrison family won't let you off."



Vanessa was the first to lunge at me, grabbing my head and slamming it against the floor.

"You little whore, how dare you!"

"Girls, let's teach this homewrecker a lesson!"