---

layout: chapter

title: "Chapter 3"

novel_index: "/novels/2/"

chapter_number: 3

previous_chapter: "/novels/2/2/"

next_chapter: "/novels/2/4/"

---



Vanessa was very pleased with Mrs. Wilson's flattery.

I was bleeding all over and had no strength left to resist.

I could barely breathe, let alone speak.



Vanessa's long nails dug into my chin, her gaze falling on the necklace around my neck.

Before I could cover the necklace, she reached out and yanked it off my neck.

"Give it back," I cried out hoarsely, disregarding the bloody scratch on my neck.



This necklace was the only thing my late mother had left me.

I gritted my teeth. "Give it back to me!"

I tried to get up to snatch the necklace back.

But the two people holding me down on either side beat me again.



Vanessa dangled the necklace in front of me.

"This necklace means so much to you, huh?"

"I can give it back to you. Why don't you kneel down and beg me?"

"If I'm in a good mood, I might just return it to you."



My eyes were bloodshot, my fists clenched tightly as I glared at her with hatred.

Vanessa looked indifferent, holding the necklace with disgust.

"Looks like you don't care about this necklace that much after all."

"In that case..."



She held the necklace, ready to throw it away.

I released my bloodied lips. "I'll kneel!"

After saying those words, it felt like all the strength had been drained from my body.



She bent down and patted my face.

"I didn't expect you to be so sensible."

"If you're going to kneel, do it quickly. Time waits for no one."



I looked at the necklace in her hand, closed my eyes, and knelt down.

Once I get back what's rightfully mine, I'll make her pay dearly.

I knelt on the ground, my gaze fixed on her. "Give it back to me."



Vanessa looked triumphant.

"You think I'll give it back just because you tell me to?"

"Let me tell you, this is what you get for being a homewrecker."



With that, she threw the necklace on the ground and ground it under her foot.

I watched helplessly as the necklace shattered into pieces.

My voice was hoarse. "I'll kill you, I'll kill you!"



I got up from the ground and lunged at her, grabbing her throat.

"Crazy bitch! She's crazy!"

Soon, I was pulled away by the people around her.



Filled with hatred, I gritted my teeth. "Vanessa Chen, I won't let you get away with this."

As soon as I finished speaking, they all burst into laughter.

Vanessa laughed so hard she nearly fell over.



"Oh my god, did I hear that right? You, a country bumpkin, won't let me get away with this?"

"Oh, I'm so scared! I'd love to see how you're going to make me pay."

"Looks like you haven't learned your lesson yet. Since that's the case, give her another good beating."



The group surged towards me once again.

This time, I didn't resist at all. I quietly curled up on the ground, allowing their fists to rain down on me.

"Hahaha, look at her! Has she been beaten stupid? She doesn't even know how to fight back anymore."



Vanessa laughed so hard tears came to her eyes.

I looked at the blood pooling on the ground and the corners of my mouth curved into a smile.