---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/2/"
chapter_number: 4
previous_chapter: "/novels/2/3/"
---

Seeing me smile, Vanessa flew into a rage. She roared, "You bitch, what are you smiling at?"
"Do you believe I can make it so you never smile again in your life?"

My voice was soft, laced with a hint of coldness, as I just looked at her.
"You're about to have your face ruined."

Hearing my words, Vanessa's eyes widened in shock.
Her face turned darker than the bottom of a pot.
"You whore, how dare you curse me!"
"I won't let you off the hook."

She rolled up her sleeves and walked towards me.
But in the next second, she fell to the ground.
"Ah!" She screamed, her hand tightly covering her face.

"Vanessa, your face..." one of her friends couldn't help but speak up.
Vanessa pulled out a mirror and screamed even louder.
She covered the bleeding side of her face and glared at me viciously.

My gaze fell on the razor blade that had suddenly appeared on the ground, and I curled my lips into a smile.
Vanessa was furious. She pounced on me. "You evil-mouthed witch, who told you to curse me!"
"Since you say such nasty things, I'll make sure you can never speak again."

My nails dug into my palms as I spoke hoarsely, "You wouldn't dare!"
She raised an eyebrow. "Why wouldn't I dare? I'm going to be the future Mrs. Harrison. You're just a nobody from the countryside. Why wouldn't I dare to touch you?"

She gave a signal to the people around her.
I was immediately restrained.
She took out two needles about the length of a forearm from her bag and walked towards me step by step.
"Today, I'll do justice for heaven and clean up that evil mouth of yours."

"Even if you pierce my throat, I'll recover," I said.
As soon as I spoke these words, a golden light flashed in my pupils.
But it was too fast for anyone to notice.

She moved quickly, aiming the needle at my throat and stabbing down.
I writhed in pain but couldn't make a sound.
Seeing me like this, Vanessa was extremely pleased.
"This is what happens to whores like you."

Tears streamed down my face uncontrollably, and cold sweat broke out all over my body from the pain in my throat.
My vision darkened, and I felt like I couldn't hold on much longer.

Mrs. Wilson ran up to Vanessa.
"Young madam, this is exactly how we should deal with shameless women like her."
"Back in our day, we used to dunk these husband-stealing sluts in pig cages."

I bit my tongue, the taste of iron keeping me alert.
Vanessa dusted off her hands and raised an eyebrow.
"You're right. Such a dirty woman should be dunked in a pig cage. Let's take her to wash her clean."

She looked at me on the ground as if looking at garbage, her eyes filled with disgust.
"Grab her," she ordered.

Just as she finished speaking, a voice came from behind.
"Who are you? What are you doing at the entrance of my Harrison family home?"
"Emma!" Mr. Harrison's voice rang in my ears.