---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/167/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/167/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/167/1/"
---

After a while, they finally noticed me. But Hazel didn't feel embarrassed. She affectionately held Asher's hand and walked towards me, her face full of disdain as she looked at me.

"Finally willing to come back? Where did you spend the night, leaving with the child and not returning? Is that how a father acts? The apple doesn't fall far from the tree."

"Don't think I don't know. You went to my dad and caused a scene, forcing him to disown his grandson and threaten me not to let Asher in."

"In that case, pack your things and take Liam to the old house to be the good son-in-law. Here, I'll only have Asher as my husband. Where's Liam? Bring him out to apologize to Asher. Don't think faking an illness will get him out of the mess he made."

Looking at her ugly face, Liam's struggling image in the water kept replaying in my mind. I wanted to drown her in the pool.

As I was about to rush forward, I heard Liam's voice from yesterday at the swimming pool: "Daddy, Mommy is the best swimming champion. I want to be a champion like her too."

"And don't be sad, Daddy. Mommy promised me that when I become a champion, she'll do something for me. Then she'll keep you company and make you happy."

I bit my lip, trying to suppress my feelings, and turned to leave. But Hazel grabbed me.

"What does this mean? You made a mistake and won't apologize? How dare you be mad at me? Also, if you hadn't conspired with my dad to drive Asher away, the title of Quinn family son-in-law wouldn't have fallen on you. An orphan trying to marry up."

"What, have you found a richer girl to con with your sob story? Such a father is an embarrassment to Liam!"

I stayed silent. Without my response, Hazel's anger boiled over. She yanked my wrist and threw me towards the pool.

Splash. I fell into the pool.