---

layout: chapter

title: "Chapter 1"

novel_index: "/novels/15/"

chapter_number: 1

next_chapter: "/novels/15/2/"

previous_chapter: ""

---



I clutched my daughter, tears blurring my vision.

The situation was critical, leaving no room for delay.

I hurriedly carried my daughter downstairs.

She was having a severe reaction, breaking out in hives and quickly going into shock.

It was just like before.

In my panic, I called my husband.

He initially refused to return, insisting it was just a common cold.

But my desperate cries eventually brought him back, though unwillingly.

That decision led us to a dead end before.

This time, I didn't seek his help.

Instead, I flagged down a car on the street.

Halfway to the hospital, we encountered an Audi parked in the emergency lane.

Other drivers avoided it upon hearing there was a patient inside, but this one wouldn't budge.

The driver honked furiously, but the Audi stayed put.

"Damn it, this person is doing it on purpose," the driver cursed.

I was drenched in sweat from anxiety, my daughter looking ghostly pale.

I could only provide her with some basic first aid.

Then my phone rang.

It was my husband, Ethan.

"Aren't you the schemer? Not calling me this time? Well, enjoy being trapped in the car!"

I froze.

The Audi blocking the way was Ethan's doing.

"Ethan, are you insane? That's your own daughter in there, fighting for her life! Are you human or a monster?"

He chuckled coldly on the other end, "Stop pretending to be pitiful. You think I don't know your plan? Just trying to ruin my sister's graduation, right? I've had enough of women like you!"

My sister-in-law's voice chimed in.

"Sis, can't you let me enjoy my graduation? I promise to give my brother back to you after this."

"Bastards!" I shook with rage. "We can't move because of the car you called to block us. If you have any humanity left, move it!"

"Spare me the act. You're not getting your way today. I want you to feel what it's like to be manipulated." Ethan hung up.

I looked at my unconscious daughter, tears streaming down my face.

The driver was anxious, "Your husband did this? Tell him to move the car."

I wiped my tears and continued calling Ethan.

This time, my sister-in-law answered.

"Sis, my brother's busy. Talk to me."

"Put him on."

"No can do, he's really busy."

I screamed, "Tell him to move that Audi now."

She laughed softly.

"No can do. He said you'd ruin my graduation if you got out. Just stay put."

With that, she hung up.

The driver was desperate, trying to push past the Audi.

But the Audi stubbornly stayed put, reversing into us.

The driver cursed, "Son of a b*tch."

Left with no choice, he called the traffic police, but they were slow to arrive.

I grew more frantic. "We can't wait any longer. My daughter's condition is critical. If we don't get help soon, it'll be too late."

Tears fell uncontrollably.

In that previous time, my daughter made it to the hospital.

Could things turn out worse this time?

With no other option, I got out to confront the Audi driver.

I ran over, knocking on the window.

It rolled down, revealing a familiar face.

It was Ethan's childhood friend, Liam.