---

layout: chapter

title: "Chapter 2"

novel_index: "/novels/15/"

chapter_number: 2

next_chapter: "/novels/15/3/"

previous_chapter: "/novels/15/1/"

---



"Liam, please move the car. My daughter's in danger."

He chuckled, shaking his head.

I anxiously reached to pull him, but he rolled up the window, trapping my hand.

I screamed in pain.

"Are you trying to scam me?" Liam laughed maliciously.

The other drivers were watching.

Some began to speak up for me.

"There's a patient in the car behind, move yours!"

"Yeah, you're endangering lives."

Liam opened his door abruptly, causing me to stumble and fall.

He enjoyed watching my misery.

"Folks, it's not that I don't want to move. This lady's daughter is fine."

"Her daughter just has a cold. She's making a big deal to fight with her sister-in-law, using her daughter as a pawn."

After his words, others looked at me with disdain.

I couldn't bother explaining, trying to drag him to see for himself.

He pushed me off with force.

"Disgusting, don't touch me. Why Ethan married a jealous woman like you, I don't know!"

"No, she's really allergic. If you don't believe me, go see."

I pleaded from the ground.

The driver came down.

"Move the car, the kid looks really bad, as pale as a sheet."

Liam frowned, then smirked knowingly.

"I underestimated you, got someone to act with you."

His stubbornness and malicious assumptions made me furious, tears uncontrollably flowing.

"Liam, this is a matter of life and death. How can you be so heartless? This is a living, breathing life. Aren't you afraid of karma?"

The crowd sided with Liam, some accusing me of wasting public resources.

"People these days, making a scene over small disputes, using their kids as actors, it's morally corrupt."

"Exactly, it's too much."

I was desperate but couldn't defend myself.

My daughter's condition worsened with every passing second.

Yet, I was stuck here arguing with Liam.

The driver pleaded with him, "Sir, you've misunderstood. The child really looks serious. Any more delay could be fatal."

Perhaps the driver's earnestness made Liam doubt.

He called Ethan.

"What's going on? Are you sure she's not allergic?"

"Of course not. I saw her coughing this morning. If she were allergic, would I leave her?"

To convince Liam, Ethan lied.

Liam nodded, satisfied, and hung up.

He turned to us with more disdain.

"Ha, you two act well. You think I'll move the car? No way!"

I lost control.

Frantically, I tried to drag Liam to see my daughter's dire state.

"Go see her, see how bad it is."

Liam didn't budge.

Just then, a police car sped over with its siren blaring.

The traffic police finally arrived.

They quickly got out.