---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/481/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/481/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---


After school, there weren't many people left in the building.

I took deep breaths of fresh air, trying to calm my emotions after being suddenly pulled back from the hatred and fear of my death.

Lily was handing Zack a bottle of water. It contained an aphrodisiac that would inflame his desires.

In my past life, I had accidentally discovered Lily pouring an unknown white powder into the water. I exposed her on the spot.

But Zack didn't believe me. He insisted on drinking the water anyway. He even asked if I was jealous because Lily was prettier than me, and that's why I was always targeting her.

This time, I didn't try to stop him.

After taking the water, Zack instinctively looked at me.

"You're not going to try to control even my drinking water, are you?"

"Do whatever you want," I said with a wave of my hand.

Lily couldn't miss any opportunity to attack me. She immediately chimed in:

"Natalie, your possessiveness over Zack is too much. Doesn't he even have the freedom to make friends?"

With those words, the few classmates who hadn't gone home yet gave me strange looks.

Zack's face darkened even more.

"She's nothing, just a bookworm," he muttered.

I gripped my pen tightly, hatred surging in my eyes.

"Are you two done? I haven't said anything from start to finish, have I?" I retorted.

Zack was taken aback and fell silent, his face stony.

Lily continued to stir up trouble.

"You might not have said anything, but your face looks very unhappy. I just said a few words to Zack, and you're already scowling."

Hearing this, Zack shot me an annoyed glare.

As if to spite me, he drank the entire bottle of water.

In my past life, I had knocked the bottle away, so he only took one sip. But even that one sip was enough to make him lose control.

I couldn't imagine what would happen now that he had drunk the entire bottle.

I found myself looking forward to it, in a twisted way.

Seeing him finish the water, Lily could barely contain her excitement.

She grabbed Zack's hand. "Zack, walk me home?"

Of course, Zack wouldn't refuse.

The two of them left the classroom hand in hand.

Ten minutes later, Penny, our class monitor, burst into the classroom, her face flushed red.

By then, I was the only one left in the room.

Penny stammered, clearly struggling to say something difficult.

"What's wrong? Did something happen to Zack and Lily?" I asked proactively.

Penny grabbed my hand:

"Yes, yes, it's them... they... they..."

"What happened?" I asked, looking directly into Penny's eyes and pretending I knew nothing.

I used to trust Penny implicitly. She wasn't just our class monitor, but had been my desk mate for all three years of high school.

I thought we were best friends who could tell each other anything. But I never imagined she would stomp on me so hard after the incident.

She told everyone that I had a crush on Zack and drugged him myself.

She even started a livestream to denounce my actions.

"I was her desk mate for three years, I always knew she liked Zack. I just never thought she would actually do something like this."

"Natalie is a sex addict. She... she once called ten male escorts in one night."

"I tried to advise her, but she wouldn't listen. She also had an unclear relationship with the old widower next door..."

This livestream pushed the whole incident to its climax.

I was completely cast into the abyss, and the school persuaded me to drop out.

Later, I ran into her by chance. By then, she had already climbed to a high position.

"Thank you. If it weren't for your incident, I wouldn't have been able to take your spot for early admission to the top university and end up where I am now."

As the memories flooded back, I stared hard at Penny.

In my past life, she and I had discovered Zack dragging Lily into the bathroom together.

I rushed in to stop him, while Penny said she would go call for help. But she just hid to the side to watch and record videos...

Seeing that I wasn't in a hurry, Penny became flustered and incoherent.

"Zack dragged Lily into the men's bathroom. Lily kept crying, Zack... Zack is trying to assault Lily."

"But don't they like each other? How do you know Lily isn't willing?" I asked.

Hearing me say this, Penny was stunned.

Everyone in our class knew that Zack and Lily were flirting, just short of making it official.

Penny anxiously grabbed my wrist.

"But they're still students, they can't do this!"

"Come on, let's go take a look. We can't just ignore this."

