---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/349/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/349/more/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

Chapter 1

I was dying.

But nobody cared.

When Jason Sterling came out with his suitcase, I was curled up on the sofa, a skinny little thing bundled in an oversized coat.

His cold, stiff back only turned to glance at me once.

In the silent light, he didn't say a single word.

Then he just left.

My head stayed down for a long time before I finally lifted it.

I looked at the light outside.

It was like the whole world had abandoned me.

My parents didn't want me anymore.

And he thought I was bad to the bone.

I wasn't worth forgiving.

My hand trembled as I touched my stomach.

Just a week ago, there was a four-month-old baby in here.

But it had quietly slipped away.

I was so lonely.

I so desperately wanted a baby of my own, I’d teach her to read, teach her to sing.

Teach her to call me Mommy.

But it would never happen now.

The title of Mrs. Sterling never should have belonged to me in the first place.

This was my punishment for stealing someone else's title.

I leaned helplessly against the back of the couch.

I smiled sadly.

“I don't think I have any strength left.”

I don't know how long I sat there.

Finally, I got up and knocked the photo frame off the table.

Some people say love lasts forever.

But I didn't love him anymore.

2

I was holding a lighter, about to set fire to the curtains, when the phone rang.

I turned my head, surprised.

But I didn't answer it.

The phone kept ringing.

I picked it up.

“Hello?”

“Why didn’t you answer the phone for so long?”

I looked at the flame that had started to grow.

“What do you want?”

“Bailey’s liver is showing some problems. Go to the hospital and get tested for a match.”

I, “…cough.”

“Are you listening?”

I nodded.

The smoke was getting thicker, and I coughed hard.

“I understand.”

“Why are you coughing so badly?”

“Too much smoke. It’s choking me.”

I didn't answer, I just hung up the phone, grabbed the fire extinguisher, and put out the fire.

After the fire was completely out, I threw the extinguisher away and lay down on the corner of the couch that had been scorched.

I gasped for breath.

Finally, my hand moved to the place where my liver was.

My liver?

Great.

If I could still help Bailey, then maybe I could redeem myself.

3

When I arrived at the hospital, my parents were already waiting at the door of the room.

My mom stamped her foot. “What took you so long?”

I gave her a cold look.

I only glanced at my parents.

My dad tugged at my mom.

“Don’t say anything.”

Then they went into the room.

My eyes went to the bed.

The first thing I saw was Jason Sterling.

My eyes dropped.

I ignored the shock that flashed in his eyes.

“I’m going to the office.”

He stood up, nodding lightly to my parents.

Even someone as calm as him seemed flustered as he brushed past me.

I raised my head and looked out the window.

Of course.

I had two miscarriages, and he hadn't stayed at the hospital like this.

I had already told myself not to be sad.

But at that moment, my eyes still stung.

But it only lasted a moment.

My eyes were dry again.

4

The person in the bed was unconscious, pale as a ghost.

I raised my hand.

“What do you think you’re doing?”

My mom snapped harshly.

But my hand only gently touched my sister’s head, smoothing her tangled hair.

When I was done, I looked at them.

“When does the matching start?”

My dad was obviously stunned for a moment by the deathly cold aura emanating from me.

The doctor came in.

“Is the person here?”

However, the doctor was clearly stunned the moment he saw me.

5

“You’re not fit to be a donor.”

I didn’t say anything.

“Shen Nian, are you deaf? Why don’t you go home?”

“I can do it. Please.”

That’s all I begged.

Then, I got up and went out.

“You?”

“You had a miscarriage just a few days ago! Do you want to die?”

I paused for a moment as I walked to the door.

“It’s just a test, I won’t die.”

Behind me, there was a sigh.

6

There were so many tests to do.

I decided to stay in the hospital for three days.

It was a good way to get my body back in shape.

Three days later.

The tests were finally over.

I went to the fifth floor.

The sight of the family of three standing together made me stop.

My dad was the first to see me.

He waved at me.

I nodded and went in.

“Dad, Mom, Bailey.”

“How is it? Did the results come out?”

“Not yet.”

“I’m going back now.”

My eyes met Bailey’s briefly.

But as soon as they met, she lowered her head.

My mom glanced at me. “Okay, go home.”

I nodded.

But just as I reached the door.

My dad called me.

“Annie, this pendant looks like Jason dropped it. Why don’t you take it to him?”

I turned my head.

I stared at the jade gourd pendant that my dad handed over, and paused.

“I found it the day Jason came.”

I glanced subconsciously at the two people by the bed.

Still, I reached out and took it.

"Alright."

Outside the door.

“What are you doing? Are you afraid she won’t see Jason?”

“Something’s not right between them. I’m afraid they won’t stay together.”

In the quiet corridor.

I lifted my foot and left.

7

Sterling Enterprise.

I waited for half an hour.

Jason Sterling didn't finish his meeting and come back until then.

As soon as he entered the office and saw me, he frowned noticeably.

I drank the last sip of tea and stood up.

I took the pendant from my body and handed it to him.

"I'm here to give you this."

He looked at what I had in my hand.

His brow furrowed even more impatiently.

He didn't take it.

Did he think I was dirty just because I touched him?

I turned around and put the thing on his big desk.

I nodded.

Ready to leave.

"Wait."

He went to his desk.

I went outside.

I stopped.

"Is there anything else?"

He pointed to the sofa. "Sit down."

I stood there for two seconds.

He took off his coat, but didn't say anything.

But his hand was clenched into a fist.

I took the initiative. "Are you going to ask if the match was successful?"

I wanted to say that the results weren't out yet.

But my phone vibrated.

I opened it.

At the same time, his phone vibrated too.

I understood roughly.

He had been paying attention to the hospital results all along.

I smiled.

"If there's nothing else, I'll go home first. I'll take good care of myself so I'll be in good shape on the day of the surgery."

Just as I was about to pull the door and leave.

"Annie, let's live a good life after the surgery and transplant."

My hand on the doorknob stopped.

Did he say what...

Was he willing to accept me?

To accept me, the worst woman in his eyes?

But.

I don’t want to live a good life with you anymore.

Jason Sterling, I'm so tired.

So tired.

I don't have any strength left.

I didn't answer him.

I opened the door and left.

8

Back home.

I stewed a chicken and walked out of the kitchen.

I was bored.

I turned on the TV.

In the end.

I fell asleep on the couch drinking chicken soup and watching TV.

I woke up the next day.

I was still lying on the couch.

The room was silent.

Only the sunlight filtered through the curtains and sprinkled in.

This place was too big.

I should get a cat.

As I said that, I grabbed my phone and wanted to look online.

But after I had really picked one out.

I backed out again.

Get a cat?

No, thanks.

Owning a cat is a lifetime commitment, not a whim.

9

I was admitted to the hospital a week before the operation.

My mom still came to see me.

We sat for a long time without saying anything.

She didn't speak, and I didn't want to.

"I'm sorry, all the private rooms on the fifth floor are full. Otherwise, your dad and I would have booked one for you."

I just nodded.

I turned my head to look outside.

"You used to have such a good mouth when you were little, how did you become like this?"

She sighed and stood up.

"Then I'll go upstairs first and come see you later."

"Yeah."

She left.

I looked at the place where she had been sitting and the fruit she had put by her feet.

I smiled.

The way she got up just now, awkwardly picking up the fruit, and leaving in a hesitant manner, was really comical.

Did she also feel embarrassed?

But I really didn't understand her.

Why couldn't she go upstairs first, put down the fruit, and then come down to see me.

But.

She hated me.

How could she make a special trip down for me again?

10

Today, I had my last check-up.

The surgery was tomorrow.

I took all the reports and went back to my room.

It was as deserted as ever.

I sat on the bed, my eyes glazed over.

How could it be so deserted?

That's right.

Didn't Jason say that he wanted to live a good life with me?

He didn't come back during the days I was recuperating at home.

He didn't come to see me once this week that I was in the hospital.

Is that what he meant by living a good life?

Oh.

He said that he would live a good life after the operation.

I know.

He didn't really want to live a good life with me either.

He just felt like he owed me a favor, and he was going to use his whole life to pay it back.

As long as Bailey was healthy.

He didn't ask for anything else.

11

On the day of the surgery.

Jason still rushed over as Bailey and I were about to be wheeled in.

"Dad, Mom, I'm so scared."

"It's okay, honey. Just think of it as going to sleep. The doctor said that you'll be healthy after the transplant."

My mom smoothed the hair under her surgical cap.

Jason rushed over. "Is the operation starting soon?"

"Yeah."

Bailey pulled her hand out of her mother’s, reached out to Jason.

Jason instinctively reached out his hand as well.

However, Bailey pulled back her hand again.

She just smiled.

"Jason, you're here."

Jason's hand also froze in the air.

After glancing at me.

He quickly retracted it.

"Yeah, this surgery is very advanced, don't be afraid."

"Okay."

Then, she smiled. "Hurry up and say a few words to Annie, she's been waiting for you to come."

Jason nodded.

He looked at me.

But his lips seemed to weigh a ton, and he didn't say anything.

The surgical team came over, dressed and ready. "Okay, let's go into the operating room, don't block the relatives."

The beds rolled forward.

At this moment, my sister was still scared.

She reached out her hand.

She called out the name in her heart.

"Jason."

"Don't be afraid."

Jason didn't have time to shake her hand, so he grabbed the bed.

My bed went first.

I watched this scene.

Calmly.

Lightly.

Until the operating room door slowly closed.

Jason's standing figure was also isolated bit by bit.

I closed my eyes.

The moment the operation was about to begin.

I heard a thank you.

"Thank you, Annie, for being willing to donate your liver to me."

Anesthesia was injected into my body.

The moment I was about to lose consciousness.

I whispered.

"You're welcome."
