---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/67/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/67/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/67/1/"
---

"I'll hold them off, Declan, you run!"

I couldn't say what I felt inside, not even having time to think about why she appeared, struggling to shake my head at her.

"No, you go! Don't worry about me!"

I was severely injured and lost too much blood. Even if I stood up, I couldn't run far.

I already involved her in my last life; I can't drag her down again.

But it was too late. Adeline was kicked to the ground by the three thugs, fists raining down on her.

My heart twisted into a knot, desperately trying to get them to stop to no avail.

Asher grabbed my hair, speaking viciously.

"Declan, I didn't expect your simp to be so devoted, daring to come save you."

"Then I'll send you both to die together!"

Blood loss blurred my vision, but I still glared at Asher.

"You better let me and Adeline go. You can't afford the cost of hurting me!"

Asher laughed disdainfully, slapping me across the face again, mocking in his tone.

"Who do you think you are? Phoebe is the daughter of the nation's wealthiest family. Do you think even if I kill you, the police would dare trouble me?"

Asher glanced at Adeline on the ground, eyes filled with disgust.

"You little wench dare come to save him. Truly devoted."

He grinned maliciously, telling the three thugs, "She's yours, do as you please."

The three thugs approached Adeline again, leering.

"Asher, are you crazy? Adeline is your sister!"

I used all my strength to try to drag their legs but was mercilessly stepped on.

A clear sound of bones cracking reached my ears, and I trembled with rage, no longer caring to hide my identity.

"Enough! Phoebe is just my mom's adopted daughter. I'm the Tycoon's only son!"

"With one word, I can make Phoebe leave the Harper Family. If you don't stop now, I guarantee your fate will be a thousand times worse than mine today!"

Asher paused, then laughed even louder at my words.

"Declan, are you mad because you can't be Phoebe's lover?"

"Who doesn't know the current Tycoon is a Harper, and there's no son. You should check your facts before lying."

My heart sank.

The Harper Family shielded me too well; even stray dogs passing by were investigated.

My information never appeared publicly.

Plus, using my late father's surname, who died in a car accident shortly after marrying in, and going abroad at five due to severe illness.

Until now, the outside world didn't know about a Harper son with the surname Lin.

I endured the pain in my wrist, gritting my teeth as I looked at Asher.

"I'm telling the truth. If you don't believe me, ask Phoebe!"

Though I knew Phoebe wouldn't help, it was all I could say to stall until Mom's people arrived...

"Lies, do you think I'd believe you?!"

Asher slapped me again, pulling me up by the hair.

He squeezed my face, the thugs holding my hands, signaling another to pick up the ax in the corner.

I understood his intent, struggling fiercely, banging my head against Asher.

Caught off guard, Asher's nose shattered, enraging him. He turned and slapped me again.

My face burned with pain, a chilling numbness spreading.

Am I doomed to lose my hands even in this life?

Despair gripped me as the ax was about to fall when the factory doors burst open.

An SUV sped in, hitting the thug with the ax.

Startled, the thugs released me.

Sensing danger, Asher tried to flee but was pinned by bodyguards.

My mom's secretary rushed over, calling for people to send Adeline and me to the Harper Family's private hospital.