---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/528/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/528/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

My house was a cozy two-story home in the suburbs. I’d already run up to the second floor, but the torrential rain was relentless, and the water level was rising incredibly fast, already up to my waist. My baby inside me seemed to sense my fear, moving uneasily too.

“It’s okay, baby, we’ll be saved!”
I touched my belly, trembling as I climbed onto the desk.

This time, I didn't call Julian. Instead, I called Ben, the deputy captain of the rescue team. But it was Julian who answered. “Enough, Scarlett. This is a critical moment for saving lives. Can you stop causing trouble? You know how to swim, and we have a kayak at home. You’re the least likely person to get into trouble!” He roared in frustration before hanging up.

He completely forgot that I’d almost drowned trying to save Celeste before, and since then, I’d had a deep-seated fear of water. As for the kayak he’d given me for my birthday… Celeste had simply said she wanted it, and he’d immediately loaded it into her car. I hadn't even touched the packaging. But after being reborn, I’d given up on explaining anything to Julian.

I called Ben again. This time, he answered himself, but his attitude wasn’t much better than Julian’s. “Seriously, Scarlett, are all you pregnant women this dramatic?”
“No matter how deeply Julian feels for you, he can’t handle this kind of trouble. The captain has already taken the other team members to save Miss Celeste. Stop calling; no one has time for your nonsense. You’re just wasting valuable rescue resources!”
“You’re only getting away with this because you’re the captain’s wife. Otherwise, I’d curse you out. I hate it when women just cause more problems!” Ben cursed at me before blocking my number.

Actually, it didn’t matter if he blocked me or not. Just moments ago, all network communications had crashed. I couldn’t make calls or send messages. Even worse, standing on the desk wasn’t much help. The water quickly rose to my armpits, and I started to feel chest tightness, gasping for air. In about twenty minutes, the water would completely swallow me. I strained to lift my neck, trying to breathe more easily, but tears flowed uncontrollably.

In my last life, as soon as the flood reached the second floor, I’d called Julian for help. He was an orphan and had always yearned for his own small family, so he deeply valued the child in my womb. When he received my distress call, he was even more anxious than I was. Julian rushed to save me at top speed, missing Celeste’s call in the process. She then jumped into the floodwaters to take her own life.

Before she died, she posted a video, claiming I’d cyberbullied her for over a decade, causing her severe depression. Now, her beloved had also been stolen by me, and she couldn't bear it anymore. Because Celeste was a well-known anti-depression influencer, this video made me the target of such intense cyberbullying that I had a mental breakdown. I explained I’d never done any of those things, but the internet didn't believe me. Aside from my family, only Julian stayed by my side. He said it wasn’t my fault, treating me with an unprecedented tenderness and care. I actually felt fortunate, believing I’d chosen the right partner, that I was the happiest woman in the world.

However, on the day I gave birth, Julian took us to Celeste’s grave. He made my baby and me atone with our lives in front of her tomb. “You know how to swim, and you had a kayak at home; you wouldn’t have drowned. Yet you insisted on calling me for help… In these ten years, that was the only time I chose you, and it killed Celeste. You truly deserve to die!”

But I was his wife, and I was carrying his flesh and blood! Wasn’t it his duty to save us? Julian dragged my hair, cursing me with the vilest, most disgusting words, his eyes bloodshot as if possessed. “If a single strand of Celeste’s hair fell out, I’d feel like I hadn’t taken care of her. How *dare* you bully her right under my nose?”
“Does it hurt to watch your own son die? When Celeste died, I felt even worse than you do now!”
“Didn’t you lie, saying you almost drowned that day? Then you should also experience what it feels like to drown!”
I wanted to say I’d never bullied Celeste. I wanted to scream for help. But I couldn’t utter a single word. I listened to my baby’s painful, sharp cries, as water filled my eyes, nose, mouth, and ears. In the end, I could only die, helpless and despairing, tears streaming down my face.

