---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/522/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/522/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/522/1/"
---


After getting together with Olivia, except for work hours, I stayed at home waiting for her all day and hadn't hung out with friends for a long time.

This time when my friends invited me out, I reluctantly agreed.

After a few drinks, they noticed I was distracted, so I had to tell them about the breakup.

"Breakup? When did you start dating someone that we didn't know about? How did you meet?"

My friend's rapid-fire questions instantly took my memory back to middle school, that summer when I first met Olivia.

I was locked in the bathroom by bullies for getting the top score in the school, and I met her who was in an equally miserable state.

At that moment when equally miserable state the gears of fate turned, two hearts with the same destiny were tightly bound together...

After graduating from middle school, she followed her divorced mother to another city, but we never lost contact.

It wasn't until five years ago when I graduated from college and came to her city to support her that we finally became a couple.

But she clearly knew.

Marcus Shaw was the boy who bullied me back then!

My friends' noisy voices pulled my drifting thoughts back. I casually pointed at the poster on the wall and smiled bitterly: "She's the girlfriend I've been dating for five years."

On the poster was a promotion for Olivia and Marcus' new movie. She had also fought for the male lead role for Marcus.

The two were pressed tightly together, gazing into each other's eyes, their expressions full of affection. What a perfect pair.

My friends burst into laughter, thinking I was joking.

"You must be drunk. How could the famous Oscar winner Olivia Sullivan be your girlfriend!"

The laughter around me was a bit harsh. With three parts drunkenness, looking at that poster also made me feel a bit dazed for a moment.

I didn't explain further, just raised my head and drained the glass in one gulp.

The burning sensation swept down my throat, bringing melancholy and also calmness.

As I lowered my head, the door of the private room was pushed open.

Even though the newcomer was tightly pressing down her baseball cap, wearing a mask and sunglasses, I still recognized Olivia at a glance.

