---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 5"
novel_index: "/novels/522/"
chapter_number: 5
next_chapter: "/novels/522/6/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/522/4/"
---


Marcus was destined to lose this bet miserably.

For me, the 9-to-5 job outside was just a daily pastime to kill time. It didn't matter whether I worked or not.

Back in college, my anonymously published original novel was selected by a famous director who bought the film and TV rights.

From that first book, I embarked on my journey as a screenwriter.

Several hit TV dramas in recent years were all written by me. However, at my request, my real name was always hidden, only using the pen name 'Fallen Angel' instead.

Except for a few top directors I've been working with, no one knows about this identity of mine.

Not even Olivia.

The next day, I went to the company on time to handle the resignation procedures. When I arrived at my workstation, I found all my personal belongings were gone.

The entire desk was empty. My gaze shifted to the trash can beside it, where I saw my things lying quietly inside.

I didn't need to guess to know who did this.

I smirked coldly, grabbed a vase nearby and walked towards the director's office.

Amidst the terrified gazes of all my colleagues, I kicked open the door and smashed the vase at the director's feet with a loud 'crash'.

He shouted angrily and stood up: "Aiden, don't go too far."

"If you want to blame someone for this, blame yourself for being so lowly and offending Mr. Marcus Shaw. He specifically said he doesn't want to see you. We had no choice."

The company had chosen Marcus Shaw as the spokesperson for their new product. It was time to curry favor with him, so naturally they wouldn't offend Marcus over a small employee like me.

I couldn't be bothered to say anything more. After all, losing me was the company's loss. Smashing the vase was enough to vent my anger.

Just as I was about to leave, the director's secretary rushed in anxiously.

"Director, we just received a call from Oscar winner Olivia Sullivan. She expressed interest in endorsing our new product, but she has one condition..."

At this point, the secretary gave me a complicated look.

The director's eyes lit up, urging: "Whatever the condition is, we must do everything possible to satisfy her."

The opportunity to work with an Oscar-winning actress was rare and precious.

He naturally couldn't wait.

"Miss Sullivan's only requirement is that her boyfriend Aiden be fully responsible for all her work."

When this was said, everyone was stunned.

Even I was momentarily taken aback.

