---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/289/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/289/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

My stomach churned violently, nausea rising in my throat.

I gasped for air until my rigid body slowly unknotted. I raised my hand again, gently knocking on the door, asking in my usual soft voice:

"Honey, are you in your office?"

The sounds inside abruptly cut off. My upbringing wouldn't allow me to barge in without an invitation.

Marcus Hayes had taken advantage of that, which was why he dared to carry on such a disgusting affair with Brittany Miller right under my nose.

It took a good while for Marcus to open the door. My gaze immediately landed on Brittany, who stood by the desk, flashing me a gentle smile, though the blush on her face hadn't completely faded.

Marcus signed to me:

"Honey, why did you come down alone? Brittany was just reporting on a tricky issue, that's why it took a bit longer."

My eyes met Marcus's, searching for any flicker of evasiveness or hesitation, but there was clearly only concern.

It seemed he’d clearly mastered the art of deception.

I didn't bat an eye, simply holding up the documents in my hand. "Honey, I told you before, I had a gift for our anniversary. Look, it's this."

The bold words "Share Transfer Agreement" made a flicker of raw greed flash in Marcus's eyes, quickly followed by a touch of guilt:

"Honey, you don't need to transfer them. We're husband and wife, the company is our shared asset."

When we started the company, my family, the Chen family, had bankrolled it to support the bankrupt Hayes family. We split the shares fifty-fifty.

To make the IPO smoother, I thought of directly transferring the shares to Marcus.

I had joked about it before, and back then, Marcus would playfully whine that spouses shouldn't be so formal with finances.

Behind him, Brittany stood motionless, staring intently at the Share Transfer Agreement. Seeing Marcus hesitate to take it, she finally spoke up:

"Mr. Hayes, aren't you going to sign this? Don't forget, the company is at a critical stage for its IPO. All the shares belonging to you will make the listing much smoother."

At this, Marcus frowned, playing the part of the devoted husband. He responded to Brittany with a hint of impatience:

"Since when is my business with Chloe yours to interrupt?!"

Brittany's gaze flickered to me. Though a polite smile still lingered on her face, her voice was laced with a hint of grievance:

"Don't forget, you promised me half your shares. I've been with you for five years, without any formal title. You have to keep your word, right?"

Five years! They'd been doing this right under my nose for five years!

Thankfully, the phone in my pocket had already started recording.

I used every ounce of my strength to suppress the urge to slap Marcus across the face.

Marcus took a ring box from the cabinet. Inside lay a pink diamond.

Just a few days ago, flipping through a magazine, I'd casually shared my admiration for that very ring with him.

He knelt down like a child presenting a treasure, sliding the ring onto my finger. It fit perfectly.

"Honey, I bought this gem. Good thing your husband didn't forget your size. Happy Anniversary, my love. Here's to a lifetime together."

If I hadn't accidentally regained my hearing today, perhaps I would have gone to my grave believing Marcus would never betray me.

But ten years of shared history still softened my heart a little.

I glanced at both of them, deliberately teasing Brittany:

"Brittany, you're not getting any younger, are you? I have a friend around your age. Maybe you two should meet?"

If they were smart enough to take the hint and back off, I could at least give Marcus some dignity when we divorced.

But at this, Marcus and Brittany simultaneously rushed to refuse me with sign language.

Brittany even mumbled:

"Don't try to play matchmaker. If I were to go with another man, how could Mr. Hayes ever want me back?"

Hearing that, Marcus clearly relished the compliment.

He couldn't help but respond with a hint of smugness:

"Good, you know. Why would I ever share my woman with another man? Just stick with me, and you'll be well rewarded."

He didn't want to share his woman with anyone, yet he forced me to share him with another woman.

If that's how it is, then don't blame me for abandoning all pretense of a loving marriage.

