---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/435/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/435/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

Three months after a big fight with my husband Ethan, I returned to our home of three years for the first time, having collected all the evidence of his affair with Jessica and discussed divorce plans with my lawyer.

"That old hag is wrapped around my finger now. If I tell her to kneel, she wouldn't dare stand up!" Jason's familiar voice came through the door.

It was different from his usual pitiful tone when talking to me - arrogant and smug.

I paused as I was about to open the door. Ethan and Jessica's voices followed.

"You've got her trained like that in less than three months? I thought Rachel loved me so much, but turns out she's such a slut."

"Jason, you've suffered for my happiness. Once Ethan successfully divorces that old cow, I'll make it up to you!"

I quietly pushed open the door and saw Jessica sitting in Ethan's lap.

Jason sat nearby, surrounded by his buddies who used to joke about me and him.

"Rachel said it's her birthday today and she has a surprise for Jason. We all know the old hag can't hold back anymore. Once she takes her clothes off, we'll burst into the room and take photos of her in heat as evidence of cheating."

"If it weren't for that old cow stubbornly clinging to Ethan, we wouldn't have to set her up to cheat and force a divorce."

"Isn't she supposed to be so successful in her career? When we post the video online, everyone will see what a slut she is. It'll be payback for Jessica!"

"After the truth comes out, the old hag will probably go crazy. She might even kneel and beg us to let her off!"

"Jason, you take one for the team tonight. If she's not bad, maybe let the rest of us have a go too."

My husband of seven years and the man who had been devoted to me for three months were unfazed by the other men's blatant insults towards me.

I quietly closed the door.

My feelings of guilt towards Jason instantly turned to anticipation and excitement.

I knew it was too good to be true - a handsome guy in his early 20s showing up at my door in a soaking wet white tank top, pitifully begging me to take him in.

So Jason was Jessica's childhood friend, and he had appeared to seduce me so Ethan could catch us in bed, get evidence to ruin me, and kick me out penniless in the divorce.

Three months ago, Jessica had returned from abroad and moved in with us, using the excuse that she couldn't find a place to stay.

My husband of seven years, married for three, didn't take my side. Instead, he told me to sleep in the guest room.

"Jessica has nightmares if she doesn't sleep in a big bed. Can't you make this small sacrifice for me instead of being so unreasonable?"

I put up with it for a week, but Jessica showed no signs of leaving.

Every morning, Jessica acted like the perfect wife, wearing an apron and making Ethan breakfast.

"Rachel, a man is a woman's sky and earth. A man's hands are only for making money, how can you let him do housework?"

"I'm so envious of you, marrying such a good husband like Ethan. If I were Ethan's wife, I would never let him step foot in the kitchen."

Knowing I was allergic to tomatoes, Jessica deliberately squeezed tomato sauce all over my sandwich.

I broke out in hives and passed out at work from difficulty breathing. When I woke up, Jessica was crying in Ethan's arms.

I pointed at Jessica, my hand shaking.

"Either she goes, or I go."

