---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 5"
novel_index: "/novels/135/"
chapter_number: 5
next_chapter: "/novels/135/5/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/135/3/"
---

Before I could react, Lydia came over with a lunch box, quickly stepping between us.

She pushed me away, shielding Asher as if afraid he might get hurt.

"Jude, who allowed you to bully Asher!"

"Asher came to see you out of kindness, but you hit him. Do you think that's acceptable? Let me tell you, if anything happens to Asher, I won't let you off!"

I, exhausted, crashed into the edge of the bed and fell to the ground.

Lydia, however, was busy caring for Asher, not even sparing me a glance, convinced I was faking it.

"Had the strength to hit someone earlier, and now you can't stand up? Who would believe that!"

"Jude, your acting is too poor. Next time, have a plan before you lie."

Asher clung to Lydia's clothes, covering his face and sobbing:

"Sister Lydia, don't blame Brother Jude, it's all my fault."

"It's because I look too much like my cousin. Brother Jude has always been jealous of your past relationship, so he hates me because I look so much like him."

"If that's the case, I'll avoid Brother Jude from now on..."

I struggled to my feet, trying to explain:

"Lydia, do you know my mom was killed by him..."

Before I could finish, Asher sniffled, deliberately showing the red handprint on his face to Lydia.

Seeing the fresh slap mark on Asher's face, Lydia's eyes reddened with heartache, and she slapped me, cutting off my words:

"Jude! You drove Asher away back then, and now you're so jealous you can't even tolerate his cousin!"

"Not only that, but you also dared to use your sick mother as an excuse?"

Furious, she grabbed my hand, forcing me to slap my own face:

"You like slapping people, don't you?"

"Then kneel here and don't leave until you've slapped yourself a thousand times!"

She left with Asher, shouting for a doctor as if Asher had some terrible illness.

But she didn't let me off easy, leaving behind two rows of strong men to watch me. If I didn't slap myself or hit softly, they would do it, slapping my face hard.

The crisp slapping sounds echoed continuously in the ward...

When my cheeks were swollen and raw, Vera finally arrived, a trace of pity in her eyes.

"Stop, don't hit him anymore!"

But the leader raised a hand to stop her:

"Ma'am, these are Miss's orders, please don't make it difficult for us."

"Lydia! Are you crazy?"

Vera anxiously called Lydia, but the line was busy.

But she didn't go easy on me either. She left two rows of strong men to watch over me. If I didn't hit myself hard enough, they would step in, swinging their arms and slapping my face with harsh brutality.

The sharp sound of slaps echoed continuously in the Ward...

When both sides of my face were swollen and bleeding, Vera finally arrived, a hint of reluctance in her eyes.

“Stop, that's enough!”

But the leader raised his hand to stop her:

“Madam, these are Miss's orders. Please don't make it difficult for us.”

“Lydia! Have you lost your mind?”

Vera anxiously called Lydia, but the line was busy.

Not until my cheeks were a bloody mess and a thousand slaps were done did the Bodyguards leave.

In a detached manner, I raised my hand. Just as it was about to strike my face, Vera caught my hand, her voice choked with emotion:

“Don’t wait the seven days, child. Leave today.”

“The Helicopter is waiting on the Hospital rooftop. Pack your things and take your mom away. Never come back.”

She carefully handed me my mother's Urn and photograph.

Looking at my mother's kind face.

My heart ached unbearably, as if encased in wet cotton.

When she was alive, my mother would mend my clothes when they tore, patiently listen to my complaints, and make me my favorite Pickled Cabbage Pie when I lost my appetite.

Just one bite of Pickled Cabbage Pie could chase away a whole day's fatigue, providing comfort and warmth, filling me with energy and determination.

In front of her, I was always a child and could forever remain one.

But now, my mother is gone. My last family member in the world is gone too.

From now on, no one will patiently listen to my troubles and complaints, tolerate me unconditionally, or endure my little tantrums.

The saddest part is, my mother sought death just to trade for my freedom.

But mother, you were never a burden. You were my reason to live, my hope in life.

Without you, my life is only darkness, with no light at all...

Thinking of this, I couldn't hold back anymore and cried out loud, holding my mother's Urn.

After being discharged, I took my mother's Urn home, going straight to the small servant's room in the corner.

Opening the door, I started to pack.

Vera, who came along, was shocked to see the moldy walls, the blackened, rotten Bed, and the rats and cockroaches running around.

“Child, you... lived here?”

I nodded, managing a weak, bitter smile.

“Mom, no, I should call you Auntie now.”

“Auntie, having a place to stay that's sheltered from the wind and rain is already good. Many times, Lydia punished me by making me kneel outside overnight.”

“Usually, I'd kneel the whole night. The Bodyguards watched. If I tried to get up, they'd press me down...”

I won't forget how sharp stones pierced my knees with excruciating pain, leaving permanent damage, making me limp at times, with my knees aching after too much walking.

Hearing this, Vera's eyes turned red.

She looked at me with sympathy and heartache, wanting to say something but finally staying silent.

She knew, without her, I wouldn't suffer so much. My misery was tied to her.

Vera stood there, heartbroken and helpless, watching me.

I kept packing.

I didn't have much, just some washed-out clothes, a few documents, and my mom's Urn, barely filling a small suitcase, even less than what I brought when I married in.

After marriage, Lydia and I once had sweet, happy times.

At our most loving, Lydia bought me new clothes and many imported trinkets to make me happy.

Knowing I liked Lily of the Valley, she set aside garden space for me to plant them.

But everything changed when Asher appeared.

Lydia believed Asher's accusations, thinking I drove Phoebe away.

She was so angry that she took back her love overnight, reclaiming clothes, shoes, and trinkets for Asher, even replacing the garden flowers with Asher's favorite Violets.

Whether to spite me or because Asher's resemblance to Phoebe moved her, Lydia favored Asher more and more, even spoiling him endlessly.

Our sweet photos were burned to ashes as my heart died for her.

After packing, I said goodbye to Vera, then deleted Lydia's contact information from my Phone.

After doing all this, I got on the Helicopter Vera provided, leaving without looking back.

Lydia, you find me annoying, and don't want to see me anymore. Well, neither do I.

I've been with you for seven years. I owe you nothing now. For the rest of our lives, may we never meet again.

...

Lydia partied and drank for three days before she realized that the husband who used to endlessly text her “good morning” and “good night,” call her to come home, and regularly send food hadn’t contacted her in a while.

She went to the Hospital, asking the Nurse, only to find out her husband had been discharged three days ago.

Lydia frowned in displeasure, muttering:

“Jude, why didn’t you tell me when you were discharged?”

She drove home but found it empty again.

Frustrated, Lydia messaged Jude.

[Jude, where are you now?]

This was the first time in their marriage she had messaged him.

She expected Jude to reply instantly as always.

But instead of a quick reply, she got a red exclamation mark.

Lydia was stunned, shock all over her face.

She never thought Jude would delete her!

She assumed Jude was still sulking and muttered in annoyance:

“Alright, Jude, you dare delete me? Wait till I find you, I’ll make you pay!”

Just as she was about to turn off her Phone, Lydia remembered the 99 missed calls from her mother.

She thought Jude had complained to her mother and angrily drove to the Old Mansion.

“Alright, hiding at the Old Mansion, are you? Just wait!”

She drove to the Old Mansion, ready to knock, but heard Asher's mocking voice at the door:

“Auntie, it was my cousin who abandoned Lydia and ran, why be so hostile to me?”

“Now, Jude’s mom is dead too. He won’t be back after leaving. I’m your future son-in-law, we should get along.”

“After all, I kindly kept your secret about orchestrating the Car Accident to force Jude into marriage from Lydia!”

About to knock, Lydia froze, her face turning pale as she heard these words. Her Phone dropped to the ground.