---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/108/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/108/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/108/1/"
---

As I thought about this, a fierce determination emerged in my eyes.

My sister noticed I hadn't comforted her or responded, so she glanced at me from the corner of her eye to gauge my reaction.

After all, whenever we disagreed, I was always the one to lower myself, appease her, and agree to all her unreasonable demands.

She assumed I hadn't heard clearly, so she raised her voice and repeated, "Sister, you're not still clinging to those outdated ideas, are you? Only those who aren't loved are the third wheel! You should be the one to leave!"

"You're not worthy of my Finn!"

Honestly, I wanted to see what nonsense was in her head. I didn't expect "disgraceful" to slip out of my mouth.

I lunged forward, grabbing my sister's shiny black hair and pulling with all my strength. No one could pry me off her.

My sister probably didn't expect my sudden outburst and didn't defend herself at all. She was caught off guard, letting me unleash all the suffering I'd endured.

I sat up, tears in my eyes, and loudly questioned her, "Since we were kids, tell me what I've done to wrong you. You got the best food, the best toys."

"Do you know how scared I was when I got a call from your school at 3:30 a.m. telling me you were pregnant?"

"I took the earliest flight to pick you up, didn't sleep a wink, and was terrified you'd be upset. I handled all the paperwork for your leave of absence, climbing several flights of stairs for you."

"Afraid you'd be tired, during your time at my home, I didn't let you lift a finger. You just lay in bed, ate, and enjoyed my care."

"I dare say I've done more for you than your own parents. How could you do this to me!"

Only then did a hint of panic show on my sister's delicate face as she realized I was serious.

She cursed at the crowd watching the scene, yelling, "What are you all staring at? Get this crazy woman off me! What are you waiting for? She's insane!"

Everyone told me it wasn't worth it, but they were too scared to come near me.

It wasn't until a familiar figure entered my view that I gradually eased my grip, giving my sister a chance to escape.

I tidied my wild hair, trying to maintain a shred of dignity, forcing a stiff smile, "Mom, why are you here, I..."

But before I finished, my mother-in-law’s slap landed squarely on my face. The force was so strong that I had to brace myself after taking the hit.

I held my swollen face, looking in disbelief at my sister seeking refuge behind my mother-in-law. My voice trembled, "Mom, you knew all along?"

My mother-in-law beamed, affectionately adjusting my sister’s hair dampened by sweat, softly asking if she was scared by me.

Then she cleared her throat, put her hands on her hips, and looked down at me, "If you can't keep your man, that's your own fault. He just made the mistake all men make. If you won't have a child, plenty of others will."

"You've been married to Finn Nolan for three years and haven't delivered. Who can you blame?"

"I'm telling you, a hen that doesn't lay eggs can't hog my Finn Nolan's nest!"

"This is outrageous. What woman is as cold-hearted as you? You can't stand to see our Nolan family prosper! Are you hoping our Nolan family ends with Finn Nolan?"

My mother-in-law didn’t bother to hide her disdain for me. Her angry words were accompanied by spittle, but I didn’t even bother to wipe it off.

I've been married to Finn Nolan for three years, and my mother-in-law has been giving me trouble for three years.

I always knew she looked down on me. I didn’t have a degree or beauty. Not just her, everyone said I married up with Finn Nolan.

So I treaded carefully in this family, afraid to step out of line and offend my mother-in-law.

But even so, my inability to give Finn Nolan a child was a thorn in her side, and she found excuses to pick fights.

No matter what grievances I suffered at my in-laws, I swallowed them silently, afraid my husband would be caught between me and his mom.

But now, I didn't know what I was even doing all this for.

I must be truly pathetic, because even now, her dismissive words made me tremble with fear.