---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/108/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/108/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/108/2/"
---

"Stop filming, what are you looking at!"

"Are you okay, honey?"

My husband, Finn Nolan, pushed through the crowd blocking the door, closing the hospital room door heavily.

He must have rushed here straight from work, barely catching his breath, eager to stand up for me.

My sister blushed and leaned towards Finn Nolan. But to her surprise, he showed no sympathy, pushing her to the floor.

With Finn Nolan here, I finally felt like I had someone to rely on. I leaned against his shoulder, exhausted.

He held me, silently comforting my turbulent emotions.

But the tender moment didn’t last long. My mother-in-law and sister’s cries rose from below.

Finn must have rushed over immediately after work. He barely had time to catch his breath before stepping in to support me.

When Cora saw Finn Nolan arrive, she shyly nestled into Asher's arms. However, to her surprise, Asher showed no sympathy and pushed her to the ground.

Seeing Finn Nolan gave me a sense of reassurance. I leaned my exhausted body against the shoulder I had longed for. Asher embraced me, silently calming my restless emotions.

But the imagined warmth didn't last long. Hazel and Cora's cries rang out from below. Hazel was also on the ground, crying and accusing Asher: “Now that you have a wife, you've forgotten your mother! You won't even let me have a say in this small matter!"

"I raised you as a woman; was that easy? I suffered ten times more than any man, and look at this, it's all for nothing! A son is raised for someone else!”

Not content with just crying, Hazel got up and rushed towards the hospital's load-bearing wall. She mumbled, “Oh dear, I'm coming down to join you. We'll meet again below, but I regret not seeing my eldest grandson before I go.”

However, the hospital wasn't a place for such dramatics. The commotion was too loud, and security came to separate Hazel. I looked at Asher with gratitude, thinking, "With a husband who protects and loves me like this, I have no regrets in this life."

I felt confident I could overcome anyone who coveted my marriage. But in this situation, it was only me who was truly involved. After hearing Hazel's words, Asher's eyes welled with tears. He fiercely shook off our tightly held hands, his face contorted as he told me not to make things difficult for him. His mother raised him, and it wasn't easy. She just wanted a grandson to enjoy her old age; she wasn't wrong!

I stared at the man I'd known for four years and loved for eight. His face overlapped with the memory of the shy boy who asked if I'd marry him and promised to love me forever. I realized I never truly understood him, or maybe I never saw through him.

But the years of emotional foundation left a shred of hope in my heart. With a voice that couldn't hide my disappointment, I asked him, "What about me? What did I do wrong?"

"Please, tell me, okay? I'll change."

I've always been strong in front of Asher. This was the first time I showed my vulnerability. He hesitated for a moment, but when he heard that Cora's water broke, he turned and left without hesitation.

If I could excuse his earlier actions as being forced by filial piety, anyone could see now that he had feelings for this child.

Outside the delivery room, everyone was anxiously awaiting the new life, but I tore the prepared gift in a corner where no one noticed, hoping no one would discover this secret.

“Congratulations! Eight pounds and six ounces, a healthy boy.”

“Lucky! He's the first boy today.”

Everyone rushed to hold the baby, marveling at him. Cora, exhausted, was pulled out, but no one cared. She raised her hand but slowly put it down again.

The nearly nine-pound baby was naturally delivered by petite Cora because Hazel said natural birth made smarter babies. Cora endured it to please her.

Now, she's utterly exhausted. After being transferred to the general ward, Cora couldn't get out of bed. Beatrix and Hazel agreed to take turns caring for her.