---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/39/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/39/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/39/2/"
---

Perhaps it was the first time he heard me call him by his full name, Lucas was stunned.

Seeing this, Rachel tightly held onto Lucas's arm and spoke in a sarcastic tone:

"Sister must be angry, right? But after all, Lily is the legitimate heir of the Chen family. It's reasonable for the elders to arrange things this way."

"However, as her aunt, I'll definitely arrange a job for Emma in the future. I can't bear to see her go hungry."

Lucas immediately smiled with doting eyes and pinched the woman's chin:

"I knew you were the kindest, always thinking of others no matter what."

Emma and I were squeezed into a corner, completely out of place with all the Chen family members. Of course, we were considered "others."

Seeing that we were not welcomed, even the servants began to gossip without restraint:

"Knowing that the young master liked Rachel, she still shamelessly gave birth to a little burden. How shameless!"

"Huh, anyway, the young master won't marry her. The Chen family giving them food and shelter is like throwing scraps to beggars. If they want to stay, let them stay..."

Everyone gathered around Lily, singing her happy birthday song and blowing out candles with her.

Emma had always crouched outside the dining room window watching others celebrate birthdays as a family of three, but now that Lucas was back, she still could only watch from the side.

After dinner, Lucas took Lily to the rooftop to watch the fireworks display. Rachel found me.

"Sis, you shouldn't have given birth to Emma. Do you really want to use a child to steal my happy family?"

Looking back now, it's laughable. If Lucas hadn't made excuses to go on a business trip, promising to come back and fulfill our engagement, I wouldn't have given birth to Emma.

Seeing that I remained silent, the hatred in Rachel's eyes became more obvious:

"You know what? No matter how hard you try, even with a child, you can't steal Lucas's heart. I am the rightful Mrs. Chen!"

As she spoke, the woman showed off the family heirloom jade bracelet on her wrist, smiling triumphantly:

"Don't you think it's redundant for you and Emma to stay in the Chen family?"

Then she began to grit her teeth: "I'm tired of beating around the bush with you. I'll say it directly, take your bastard child and get out of the Chen family!"

As soon as she finished speaking, a slap unexpectedly landed on my face.

Emma heard the commotion and ran over, directly pushing Rachel away and standing protectively in front of me:

"Don't bully my mom!"

Lily also rushed over to help Rachel, getting into a fight with Emma. The scene became increasingly chaotic.

I originally wanted to quickly break up the fight, but Rachel held me back and even encouraged her daughter to scratch Emma freely.

"Lily, don't be afraid. Daddy will support you. Even if you scratch up a wild child like her, no one will care!"

Lily completely inherited her mother's viciousness, pinning Emma to the ground and bullying her without restraint.

Until Emma couldn't bear it anymore and used all her strength to push Lily to the ground, breaking free from the restraint.

Unexpectedly, Lucas, who arrived late, saw this scene and without a word, slapped Emma across the face.