---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/180/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/180/5/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/180/3/"
---

Over the next two days, I contacted the landlord to give up my old apartment.

Then I found a new one near Asher Corporation.

After finally moving, I took some time to visit the hospital.

Mom was the same, lying in bed, unable to wake up.

Ever since a car accident five years ago, Mom has been in a coma.

She relies on hospital equipment to barely stay alive.

As usual, I massaged her body to improve circulation.

Then, as the doctor instructed, I slowly told Mom about my recent events.

"Mom, I've left Declan Corporation and got a new job."

"This time, the new job pays better, so don't worry about me. Just focus on recovering and waking up soon."

After everything, the equipment monitoring Mom showed no significant changes.

Leaving the hospital, I rushed to Asher Corporation.

Even though it hadn't been three days, I chose to start working early.

With Asher's instructions, I breezed through the onboarding process at Asher Corporation.

To quickly get familiar with the job, I worked overtime on the first day and stayed late.

By the time I got home, it was already very late.

Lying in bed, I took out my phone, and former colleagues from the Declan Corporation's secretary department started complaining in our small group chat.

[Mr. Declan seems off today, his temper's terrible. Without Adeline, we can't manage him!]

[One moment it's the temperature, the next it's the lack of water, and then not enough coffee. Adeline, I followed your notes exactly, yet he still found a bunch of faults.]

[Same here, got yelled at all day. I don't want to work here anymore!]

After reading for a while, I didn't reply to any messages and turned off my phone.

Since I've left Declan Corporation, Declan's habits are no longer my concern.

In the following days, I fully immersed myself in work at Asher Corporation.

Soon, Asher assigned me a task to create a proposal.

Fortunately, I've always worked in the secretary department, so handling proposals is something I'm used to.

After several days of overtime, my dark circles couldn't be hidden, with my eyes looking bruised.

On the day of the project bidding, Asher asked me to attend with him.

The main competitor for this project was Declan's Declan Corporation.

At this project event.

Declan and Phoebe were the center of attention, with many people congratulating them.

It seemed like they had already won the project.

When Asher and I appeared, we quickly caught the attention of Declan and Phoebe.

Our eyes met, each harboring our own thoughts.

Phoebe smirked, directly mocking me.

"Mr. Asher, your proposal isn't done by Miss Zhang, is it? You better be careful; this Zhang woman only knows how to scam your money and can't make any proposals. Otherwise, why would Declan Corporation have fired her?"

"And she's not a good person, trying to seduce our Declan but got rejected. Now she's tricking Mr. Asher."

Her voice was loud, as if afraid others wouldn't hear.

Soon, it drew a lot of attention, with murmurs rising.

I clenched my fists and gritted my teeth in defense.

"I wasn't fired because of my skills, and I didn't try to seduce Mr. Declan!"

As soon as I finished speaking.

Phoebe took out her phone and played an audio clip.

The clip was edited, leaving just one sentence from me and one from Declan.

I said, "I won't speak of anything between us."

Then Declan's refusal followed.

"I find it dirty!"

I turned sharply to look at him.

Declan's eyes avoided mine.

Phoebe laughed arrogantly and asked me.

"With evidence, Adeline, what else do you have to say?"