---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/54/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/54/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/54/1/"
---

Not long after, ambiguous and shameful gasps came from the room.

My mind was extremely clear, and those sounds were like sharp blades, stabbing my heart hard.

I've experienced this scene many times.

Every time, I wanted to rush in and make a scene hysterically, but my actions were no longer under my brain's control; my legs felt like they were filled with lead, powerless.

I could only foolishly guard the door all night, unable to sleep.

Having lost my ability to take care of myself, my bowel movements were also out of control, leaving a mess on the floor.

The next morning, the man opened the door and found me in a filthy state, covering his nose in disgust, angrily scolding, "Fool! If you need to go, go to the toilet, doing it at the door is disgusting!"

I looked up at him blankly, mustering all my strength to say, "I'm not... disgusting, you... disgusting!"

The man flew into a rage and kicked me hard.

"How dare you, a fool, curse me, are you tired of living?"

He punched and kicked me viciously.

I had no strength to resist and could only endure it.

Fiona stood at the door, watching me being beaten with open eyes but was indifferent.

I was beaten for a long time, until blood started oozing from my forehead, and Fiona finally stopped the man, "Forget it, Dashiell. He's just a fool, he doesn't understand anything, don't bother with a fool."

The two of them left.

Leaving me, bruised and filthy, lying on the ground.

The pain in my heart, like waves, almost swallowed me whole.

At that moment, I started to regret my decision.

Was my selfless sacrifice really worth it?

Just then, the voice of the pawn shop owner suddenly appeared in my ear.

"Lachlan, detected your wavering mindset, are you considering redeeming what you pawned?"

I was stunned, hoarsely asking her, "If I redeem it, what will happen?"

"Your wife's breast cancer will relapse and be completely incurable."

I hesitated for a long time.

In the end, I still shook my head, "Don't redeem."

Fiona and I have been together for ten years since college.

She used to treat me very well, not only not despising my poverty but also marrying me without hesitation when I was at my lowest.

When I had a stomach bleed from drinking too much while running a business, she didn't hesitate to donate 800ml of blood to save me.

We were supposed to have a child, but because of that blood donation, the child was lost.

Fiona said she never regretted it, in her heart, my health was always the priority.

She used to love me very much.

But love can't withstand tests.

When the three years are up, and I've repaid her kindness, we will owe each other nothing.