---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/509/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/509/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---


Derek pointed at the shocked guests. "Listen up, you peasants! This island is my birthday gift from Olivia. It's my territory!"

"If you want to live, you'd better behave. If I'm in a good mood, I might let you all leave alive!"

"We're overseas, not far from international waters. If I'm not happy, I'll feed you all to the sharks!"

My daughter Emily was red-faced with anger. She raised her hand to point at Derek, but before she could speak, he leered at her and lunged forward.

I struggled against the bodyguards holding me down, but more piled on top of me.

Emily tried to run, but Derek deliberately stepped on the hem of her dress.

The fabric tore and Emily fell to the ground in a heap.

Humiliated and furious, Emily shouted, "Olivia is my mother! Aren't you afraid she'll punish you for treating me like this?"

Derek laughed nastily. "Olivia told me I'm the apple of her eye now."

"You're just a mistake from when she was young and stupid. If I get rid of you and your useless father, Olivia will praise me for removing the obstacles to her freedom as a woman!"

He grabbed Emily roughly and grinned at the guests. "Since you've come to play on my island, I'll arrange some entertainment as the gracious host."

He shoved Emily forward. "This little bitch loves playing princess, doesn't she? Ever seen how the girls serve drinks at a nightclub?"

"Go get some alcohol and use your mouth to feed it to every man here!"

"If you don't perform well, I'll strip off that fancy dress and make you dance for us all."

Emily struggled desperately.

I broke free from the bodyguards and rushed to shield Emily behind me.

Derek spat on the ground. "How dare you ruin my fun? Beat him to death, boys."

Over a dozen men swarmed me, raining down blows.

I curled around Emily, protecting her with my body. My only thought was to keep her from having an episode.

The click of high heels approached. Olivia walked into the ballroom, surveying the chaos with confusion. "Why are you all still on my island?"

A classmate nervously explained, "Mrs. White, we're celebrating Emily's coming of age party."

Olivia's eyes widened in realization. "Oh, I got the date wrong. I thought you'd all left yesterday."

Derek's arrogant demeanor vanished. He threw himself into Olivia's arms, sobbing. "Darling, these peasants won't let me stay on the island. They even beat me!"

Olivia's gaze swept coldly over the guests. "I don't recall inviting you all to meddle in my personal affairs. Please leave immediately."

Emily broke free from my protection and stumbled forward in her torn dress, crying out.

"Mom, it's my coming-of-age party today! This creep deliberately ripped my dress to humiliate me!"

Derek clung to Olivia's leg, wailing. "Darling, it's not true! The little slut stripped to seduce me!"

The bodyguards chimed in, "It's true, Mrs. White! Mr. Chen was badly bullied. They even called him useless!"

Emily burst into tears. "He hit Dad and bullied me first! Get out, all of you!"

Olivia's eyes flashed dangerously. With a resounding slap, she struck Emily across the face.

"Shut up! You're just as useless as your father, hiding at home and playing crazy since you were little!"

"How did I give birth to such a worthless thing!"

"Apologize to Derek right now! Then take your loser friends and get off this island!"

"Remember, I'm in charge of this family!"

"You and your useless father will obey me without question!"

Derek wrapped his arms around Olivia's waist, putting on a show of distress.

"Darling, don't be angry. A little hardship is nothing to me."

"But your daughter... she shouldn't have taken off her clothes to seduce me!"

"I'm your man after all. I... I've betrayed you!"

My stomach churned with disgust. I felt like I might vomit.

Olivia patted Derek soothingly. "Don't worry, dear. I don't even consider that useless girl my daughter anymore."

She turned to Emily. "You little bitch, trying to steal my man at such a young age!"

0