---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/550/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/550/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/550/2/"
---


“This is truly absurd.”

When he placed me in the passenger seat, I distinctly felt him wearily rub his brow. “Landon, how could you come up with something so ridiculous?”

“I don’t want my crush to like someone else, bro. I know you’re homophobic, and this is a huge sacrifice, but just help me out this one time, okay?”

“I promise, I won’t touch a race car for at least a month afterward.”

“That’s not the same thing.”

Jasper’s tone was firm. “When will you ever grow up…”

“Ugh.”

My stomach churned from all the alcohol, and I couldn’t help but turn over.

I met the gaze of the person leaning over to buckle my seatbelt.

…They really did look alike.

Even the mole at the corner of their eyes was identical.

Yet, despite having the same face, Landon was ostentatious, wanting the whole world to fall in love with him.

This man, however, meticulously buttoned his shirt to the very top, his sleeves rolled up only a tiny bit, revealing his wrist-watch.

It gave him an almost unapproachable, ascetic air, combined with an undeniable hint of raw desire.

His gaze lingered briefly on my lips for a few seconds before subtly shifting away. His long fingers tapped the steering wheel.

“Fine, just this once.”

…

Later, everything proceeded smoothly according to Landon’s wishes.

The two of them took turns holding my hand, going on dates with me.

Every day, I received two hefty allowances and two sets of gifts.

With one exception.

Jasper would take me to bed.

In stark contrast to his reserved and self-possessed exterior, his desires were intense, and his repertoire varied.

Every time, with his back covered in scratch marks, he’d casually kiss my trembling inner thigh while calmly responding to Landon’s calls:

“No, he’s been very well-behaved.”

“Hmm, didn’t notice a thing.”

Then he’d pull my groggy body into his arms. “Come on, sleep a little before school, okay?”

…

By routine, yesterday should have been Landon’s turn.

But perhaps things with Stella had finally progressed, so he couldn't even bother to pretend. He just turned off his phone and went sea fishing with his beauty.

By the time he remembered me that evening, Jasper and I had already had several rounds in bed.

0