---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/550/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/550/5/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/550/3/"
---


The next morning, Landon was waiting downstairs early.

“Sit in the back. The front passenger seat is Stella’s spot.”

Perhaps he thought I was an idiot, but Landon never bothered to hide his disdain for me.

Or his unique special treatment for Stella.

It seemed things were indeed getting serious.

After just one day, the car’s decorations and air freshener had changed to styles Stella liked.

I paused, hand on the door, and didn’t say anything, dutifully getting into the back.

“Wait.”

In the rearview mirror, Landon’s half-lidded eyes narrowed. “What’s that on your collarbone?”

I followed his gaze and touched my skin,愣了一瞬.

It was a tooth mark.

Jasper, that jerk.

“Probably a mosquito bite.”

I cursed Jasper silently, then nonchalantly pulled up my collar.

“A mosquito could do that?” Landon frowned.

When he leaned closer, as if to inspect it, I suddenly felt a surge of weariness.

So I curved my lips slightly. “Wasn’t it you, Husband?”

“When the hell did I—”

Landon suddenly fell silent.

“Can we not go on for so long tonight? I’m really tired.”

I yawned, fanning the flames.

“…Okay.”

Landon gritted his teeth, his face thunderous, dark enough to curdle milk.

Sure enough, not long after I got out of the car, I heard him questioning Jasper’s voice.

“Bro, did you touch Julian?”

I don’t know what Jasper said, but Landon suddenly kicked the front of the car violently.

“He’s my boyfriend! How could you touch him?”

I walked back a couple of steps and heard the unhurried rustle of Jasper flipping through papers.

“Aren’t you about to win Stella over? It’s the perfect time to break up with him.”

Then a pause. “Don’t tell me you’ve fallen for Julian.”

“I…”

Landon irritably tugged at his collar. “Even if I don’t like him, he’s still my boyfriend. No one else touches him but me, damn it.”

“I’ve been unfair to him these past three years. Once I sort things out with Stella, I’ll consider forcing myself to try with him.”

“Aren’t you afraid he’ll leave you once he finds out the truth?”

“No.”

Landon’s brow instantly relaxed a little.

“He loves me a lot.”

“Sorry, bro, I shouldn’t have suspected you like that. You two definitely don’t have anything going on. Once I handle things here… No, I’ll take him to meet everyone around me tonight. It’ll be compensation.”

“From now on, Julian won’t be bothering you, bro. You’ve worked hard these past few years.”

Jasper turned another page. “No trouble at all.”

0