---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 6"
novel_index: "/novels/550/"
chapter_number: 6
next_chapter: "/novels/550/7/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/550/5/"
---


I didn’t expect Landon to be off his game even before evening.

“I’m going out to take a call.”

After dodging five consecutive calls, he finally couldn’t hold back, grabbing his phone and rushing out.

As soon as he stepped out of the dorm building, a girl threw herself into his arms.

“You said you liked me, so why did you suddenly stop coming to see me?”

The girl sobbed, complaining indignantly.

The one who had been constantly saying he needed to sort things out with Stella let her wrap her arms around his waist.

His hands hesitated for a few seconds before finally resting on her shoulders, holding her tight.

…

“Ah!”

Stella suddenly shrieked.

I instinctively tried to step back, but someone wrapped an arm around my waist, kissing my neck with a low chuckle.

Landon finally looked up, his eyes landing on me.

“It’s not what you think!”

He abruptly pushed the girl away, trying to walk over and explain.

But he stopped dead in his tracks when he saw the person beside me.

“…Bro?”

I pulled my hand from Jasper’s grasp, about to speak.

Then I heard Jasper calmly respond, “Hm.”

“I haven’t introduced you two yet.”

Just like someone introducing their partner to family, Jasper calmly gestured towards Landon.

“This is my brother, Landon. And as for Julian,”

He didn’t bat an eye, taking my hand and intertwining our fingers once more, a smile playing on his lips.

“This is your sister-in-law.”

0