---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 7"
novel_index: "/novels/550/"
chapter_number: 7
next_chapter: "/novels/550/8/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/550/6/"
---


“…What are you talking about?”

It wasn’t just me; Landon’s face also went momentarily blank.

I hadn’t expected Jasper to still be pretending to be his brother at this point.

Seeing Jasper calmly pull me closer,

Landon’s eyelid twitched.

“When did he become your—!”

“Are you asking when we got together?”

Jasper’s lips curved slightly, but there wasn’t a hint of a smile in his light eyes; instead, there was a cold, cruel glint.

“But are you sure,”

“You want Julian to hear what I’m about to say?”

“You bastard!”

Landon quickly strode over, grabbing Jasper’s collar and slamming him against the wall like a furious lion, his eyes bloodshot.

“He’s my—!”

“Address me properly.”

Even in such a disheveled state, Jasper met his gaze with an unnerving calm.

Landon’s fury slowly dissipated under that steady stare.

“…Sister-in-law.”

He glared at Jasper, gritting his teeth. “Happy now?”

Jasper nodded slightly, but he wasn’t done.

“Didn’t you say you were introducing your girlfriend to everyone tonight? Julian isn’t an outsider; he can witness it too.”

“Going, sweetheart?”

Both men looked at me.

Our eyes met, and I suddenly felt a sense of relief.

For Stella, Landon had concocted this ridiculous rotation game.

Now that he saw I wasn’t clinging to him anymore, he must be thrilled.

So I smiled and leaned into Jasper’s embrace.

“Of course, I’ll go. Landon’s brother is my brother, after all.”

0