---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/458/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/458/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/458/1/"
---


Charles probably thought I would cry and beg him not to hate me, like I did in my previous life.

Unfortunately for him, I wouldn't do that anymore.

I raised my hand and, using all my strength, slapped him back hard.

"Smack!"

The sound was louder and crisper than when he had hit me.

Charles was stunned by the blow, five finger marks quickly appearing on his handsome face.

Rebecca Lee beside him hadn't even had time to hide her smug smile before it froze on her face.

I didn't give her time to react, immediately following up with another slap to her face.

Then I shook my stinging hand, looking at them like they were two filthy cockroaches.

I coldly ordered the butler: "Take these two out and slap their mouths eighty times each."

The butler was stunned for a moment but quickly bowed and complied.

"Lily Davis! Have you gone mad? How dare you treat me like this?" Charles struggled, his face contorted as he howled.

"Don't you believe I'll call off the engagement right now? When the Davis family becomes a laughingstock, let's see if you'll kneel and beg me!"

I laughed.

I didn't even have the interest to look at him again.

Two security guards dragged him away, and the crisp sound of slaps soon echoed outside the mansion.

Hearing those punishing sounds, the resentment I had harbored for ten years finally began to dissipate a little.

He still thought he was the powerful Mr. Foster who could do whatever he wanted, forgetting that now he was just an illegitimate son who could barely survive without the Foster family and us Davises.

Without me, Lily Davis, Charles Foster was nothing.

Thank God for giving me a chance to start over.

This time, I would protect my family and make this pair of scumbags pay dearly.

The next day, as I was pruning roses in the garden, Rebecca Lee showed up at our door.

Her cheeks were swollen high, thick makeup unable to hide the marks. Her eyes were full of venom as she looked at me.

"Lily Davis, you've got some nerve. You were pushed into a fire and burned to a crisp, yet somehow you managed to be reborn," she spat.

I paused in cutting a rose in full bloom.

So, she had been reborn too.

"What does it matter if you're reborn?" She proudly patted her belly. "I'm already carrying Charles's child. He loves me. You, you bitch, are only fit to be my servant!"

In my previous life, hearing these words would have made me feel like I couldn't breathe from the pain.

But now, I just found it laughable.

Had she forgotten that she was now just a poor girl working a minimum wage job, with less than $500 to her name?

I couldn't be bothered to waste words on her. I dropped the pruning shears and pushed past her to leave.

She screamed dramatically as if hit by a train, falling backwards.

The next second, Charles's figure rushed out from around the corner with a roar: "Lily Davis!"

He tenderly helped Rebecca up, holding her in his arms, then warned me with an icy glare.

"I'm warning you, if you dare touch a hair on Rebecca's head again, our engagement is off!"

I really wanted to laugh out loud.

How blind was I in my previous life to fall for such an idiot?

"Charles, don't you know yet?" I said coldly.

"The Davis family's marriage partner this time isn't you, the illegitimate son."

"It's your uncle, Alexander Foster."

The anger and tenderness on his face instantly froze, turning to extreme shock.

"...What did you say? Lily Davis, what new trick are you playing!"

0