---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/410/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/410/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/410/2/"
---

Davey’s house was huge. If I shouted, would I hear an echo?

“It’s just me here, Miss. Make yourself at home.”

He lives alone in a place like this? I changed into slippers in the entryway, taking in my surroundings.

The room was decorated in dark, cool tones, full of cold, minimalist vibes. Then I looked at Davey, with his sweet, innocent demeanor, and a million question marks popped into my head.

It didn't match at all. Davey, what kind of taste do you have?

The shoe rack was filled with identical black leather shoes, except for the white sneakers he wore the first day, sticking out like a little lamb in a wolf’s den.

Through the window, on the balcony, I saw perfectly stacked, uniformly spaced, identical black suits. I gasped, sucking in a cold breath.

“I didn’t realize you were so cool on the inside,” I said, surprised. “Cool kid.”

Davey turned back with a smile. “My name’s Devereaux. I’m a freelance worker. And you?”

So, he wasn’t a student.

I sat on the sofa. “I’m Willow. I’m a Community Development Specialist.” *Just the great cause of revitalizing Fox Clan, that’s all.*

Davey was putting on an apron. “You always seem hungry when we meet, Miss. What do you want to eat today?”

“You,” I blurted out.

The moment I said it, my face burned. I was about to backtrack, but then I saw Davey’s eyes widen, his face even redder than mine.

My heart fluttered with excitement.

“No, I’m really tired today. Don’t have much energy,” Davey shook his head.

I got even more excited.

Davey and I stared at each other. After a long moment, he gave in, lowering his head, his earlobes flushed. “Whatever you want to do, shouldn’t you eat something first?”

“How about chicken, three ways?” Davey looked at me with a gentle smile.

What fox could ever say no to triple the chicken?