---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/11/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/11/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/11/1/"
---

For some reason, I couldn't leave William's side.
Or rather, in my spirit form, I couldn't move more than three steps away from him.
I was forced to follow him onto the stage.
The wedding venue was decorated with an ocean theme, with a huge blue whale suspended in the air, as beautiful as in a dream.
Except the bride wasn't me, it was Emma.
A year ago, William had asked me to bring lunch to his company, specifically requesting salt-baked shrimp.
I had spent from morning till noon preparing it, even cutting my hand while deveining the shrimp.
But as soon as I entered the office, Sarah stopped me.
She had just started working at the company then and wasn't experienced in handling such situations.
"Mr. Song is in a meeting. Please wait outside, Miss Yang."
It was a rather clumsy lie.
Before she finished speaking, suspicious sounds leaked from the door crack.
Sarah's face turned red instantly, her eyes flickering, seemingly thinking of how to make me feel better.
I smiled faintly and patted her shoulder to comfort her:
"It's okay, I'll wait outside."
After it ended, William walked out with a petite girl in his arms.
That was the first time I saw Emma.
Fair skin, big eyes, her high ponytail a bit messy, but it didn't diminish her youthful beauty.
Although neither Emma nor I was the only flower in William's garden, considering his past preferences, he had never gone for such an innocent college girl before.
So when William told me he was going to marry Emma, I was a bit surprised.
But I quickly composed myself and packed all my things that very night.
Well, "packing" only involved one suitcase.
Before I left, he sat on the balcony, his long fingers entwined with misty smoke, smiling somewhat mockingly.
"Can't take it anymore?"
He approached me step by step, the heavy tobacco smell assaulting my senses, making me feel nauseous.
"I'm sorry, Mr. Song, but I don't sleep with married men."
If there had been a mirror, I'm sure my smile would have looked awful.
William's smile froze on his face as he lowered his head and gripped my chin.
"Should I praise you for your professional ethics?"
In his eyes, I was just a woman he had bought with money.
Not sleeping with married men sounded like a laughable excuse.
"Or are you still hoping to marry me?"
I lowered my head.
I had thought about it.
But it was just... a thought.
And even this, I didn't dare to admit.
Seeing my long silence, William patted my face with a hint of mockery, his cool tone piercing my heart.
"Olivia, ask yourself, are you worthy?"