---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/560/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/560/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/560/2/"
---


My mind was a blank, a chill seeping into my bones as I returned to the villa.

I stared at the ceiling. How did it come to this?

I sat there numbly all night until, at dawn, the front door was kicked open with a bang!

Dax stormed in, radiating cold fury, his eyes bloodshot.

"Do you know Seraphina tried to cut her wrists?!" His voice was a raw roar.

"If she hadn't been found in time, she would be dead!"

"How could this happen? I didn't do this!" I couldn't hold back any longer and stood up from the couch.

He sneered, pressing closer: "Not you? She'd just try to kill herself for no reason?"

"You must have forced her! Don't push your luck!"

I knew I was innocent, and further explanations were useless if he was determined to believe otherwise.

"I'm tired, Dax." I shook my head. "I don't want to explain anymore."

He seized my wrist, his grip making me wince in pain.

"You're tired?"

"Elara, you ruined her, and now you say you're tired?!"

My heart twisted violently, a sharp, suffocating pain gripping my chest, stealing my breath.

I clutched my chest tightly. My vision began to spin.

In my previous life, he knew I had a congenital heart condition and couldn't handle stress.

My vision went black, and I collapsed straight down.

In a haze, I felt myself fall into an embrace.

He caught my falling body, his face etched with terror.

I heard him scoop me up, racing out like a madman.

"Elara! Hold on! I'm taking you to the hospital!"

