---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/36/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/36/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

My husband is away on a business trip, so I have to go to the hospital alone.
Seeing the word "cancer" on the diagnosis report, I'm struck as if by lightning.
If I die, how will my husband who loves me so deeply go on living?
I drag my heavy feet home. As soon as I open the door, I smell an intimate scent in the air.
My already heavy heart sinks even further.
The bedroom door is wide open. A man's low growls and a woman's gasps shamelessly rise and fall.
Ryan's secretary Amber clings to him like a vine, her face flushed red.
Her exposed skin is white and tender, smooth as satin.
Ryan's muscular back is covered in red scratches, as he passionately grips the woman's soft curves.
Amber's long hair is spread out like seaweed on our custom-made bed.
This bed was my late father's wedding gift to me, the only one of its kind in the world.
Yet Ryan has brought another woman to do unspeakable things on our marital bed.
Their intimate sounds threaten to pierce my eardrums, my very soul trembling.
"Oh Ryan, you're so bad, not being gentle with me at all."
"Hmm? How else could I satisfy an insatiable little vixen like you?"
Ryan is lost in passion, their bodies tightly joined. He hasn't noticed me at the door at all.
I think I must have been delusional. Even if I died right now, he probably wouldn't care at all.
Amber peeks out from under Ryan and glances at me with a coy smile.
"Darling, this is your marriage bed. Won't your wife be upset if she finds out?"
Ryan brushes his hand over Amber's red lips, leaving a suggestive trail in the sunlight.
"What does she have to be upset about? Being my lawful wife is a blessing few women could hope for in several lifetimes!"
"She may be a competent wife, but she's as stiff as a board in bed. Only a seductive little minx like you can truly excite me!"
Amber shoots me a challenging look, then rakes her nails down Ryan's back again:
"You're so bad! What am I to you? You're my first and only man!"
"Alright, alright. I'll buy you that lakeside villa tomorrow as a gift!"
Amber lets out an incredulous gasp:
"Really, darling? But that villa costs at least $5 million. I'm afraid your wife won't agree."
Ryan laughs dismissively: "So what if she finds out? She loves me so much she'd never leave me!"
Amber turns away from me and clings tightly to the oblivious Ryan.
My chest aches, a metallic taste rising in my mouth.
I stumble, nearly falling to the ground.
The noise I make interrupts their passionate moment.
Ryan moves quickly, pulling the large red comforter over to wrap Amber up tightly.
My stomach churns. I have to grip the doorframe to stay standing:
"What's this? You're shameless enough to have sex in broad daylight, but too afraid to be seen naked?"
"How did you sneak in like a ghost without making any sound? Barging in like this, don't you know to respect others' privacy?"
Secure in his favoritism, Amber shrinks behind him, her face unable to hide her smugness.
"Sis, Ryan was feeling unwell from the heat today. I was just helping him feel better with a massage. Please don't misunderstand."
She coyly stretches out her delicate hands towards me: "People with heatstroke need to stay cool, so we're a bit underdressed. But Ryan's feeling much better now..."
"Look how swollen my hands are from working so hard... I only had good intentions, please don't be angry at Ryan!"