---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/36/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/36/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/36/1/"
---

I don't respond.
Ryan's brow furrows, his voice icy:
"Weren't you supposed to be at the hospital? Why are you back so soon?"
It feels like every bone in my body has been crushed by a massive weight, crumbling to dust.
I shake my head, hardly able to believe my ears. Has the world gone mad?
How could the man who once loved me more than life itself speak such cruel words to me?
Tears fall uncontrollably, blurring my vision.
I use all my strength to barely choke out: "Ryan, we promised to love only each other for life!"
Ryan impatiently waves his hand:
"Love is love, sex is sex. Don't confuse the two. Amber is sacrificing herself to help take your burden with no recognition. She hasn't complained, yet you're the one feeling wronged!"
"Wake up! We've been together for 10 years since we were 18. Would you still wear clothes you've had for 10 years? Everyone in our circle has lovers on the side. Why should I have to repress myself and suffer with an old, frigid fish like you?"
I look at my reflection on the floor, my heart turning cold.
It's true, I'm already 28 years old. And a 28-year-old with terminal cancer at that.
Since starting chemo, my hair keeps falling out. The harsh side effects have left me gaunt and sallow.
I lie awake night after night in agony, tearing holes in the sheets from gripping them so tightly.
I really do look like an old, worn-out piece of clothing now.
I've changed so drastically, yet Ryan comes and goes without noticing, as if he's gone blind.
Later, medication made me swell up all over. I looked like I'd gained a ton of weight.
His gaze finally changed from indifference to disgust.
I had thought that I was letting him down by having an uncooperative body that couldn't accompany him through life as promised.
I endured the torture of illness, pretending not to notice his change in attitude.
But how could he compare me, with my numbered days, to a worn-out piece of clothing unfit to be seen?
I shouldn't have tied my short life to such a rotten cucumber.
"Ryan, let's get divorced."
Ryan's mocking expression freezes in place. He sneers contemptuously:
"Divorce? Where would a useless old hag like you go? Who else would pamper you like I do?"
"Just be a good Mrs. Zhou and you'll never go hungry..."
Seeing my tears fall rapidly, Ryan's tone softens slightly.
"Be a good girl and listen to me. I promise I'll never abandon you in this lifetime!"
Amber pinches his waist in displeasure:
"What about me? Will you toss me aside when you're bored?"
Ryan grins wickedly and pushes Amber's head down:
"Afraid I'll get tired of you? Then you'd better learn some new tricks to keep me satisfied, you little minx!"
These two shameless dogs are so brazen right in front of me. They're not just disrespecting me as Ryan's wife, they're not even treating me as a human being.
I can no longer control myself. A mouthful of blood sprays out.
The bright red blood is shocking, splattering everywhere. Even Amber, hiding behind Ryan, isn't spared.
Her previously flawless makeup is now a mess, transforming from a beauty to a hag in an instant.
She's furious, her affected cutesy voice cracking:
"You disgusting old woman, how revolting!"
Anger flares in my chest. I lunge forward and grab her hair, yanking hard:
"You little slut, get off my bed right now!"
She effortlessly pushes me to the ground:
"Ryan, I'm so upset! It took me hours to do my makeup and now it's ruined. You have to get justice for me!"
Ryan gently wipes Amber's face with a wet wipe from the bedside table, not forgetting to turn back and warn me.
"Olivia, stop acting like a shrew!"
What little life force I had left is not enough to withstand such a vicious attack.
My broken body collapses helplessly to the floor. I want to get up but have no strength, only able to struggle weakly on the ground.
But Ryan pays me no mind, allowing Amber to mock me freely.
"Ryan, it's such a waste of talent that your wife isn't an actress. Look how convincingly she's faking coughing up blood!"
"Even her half-dead look after spitting blood is flawless. Who knows how many times she's rehearsed in private! What a terrifying jealousy!"
My heart aches. I want to cry but have no tears left. I try to call out but my parched throat makes no sound.
It feels like a million steel needles are churning in my brain. My soul is instantly riddled with holes.
My vision darkens. The air seems to be thinning.
I'm struck with fear...
With my last shred of hope, I look pleadingly at Ryan, my lips moving weakly:
"Husband, save me."
"Quickly, take me to the hospital..."