---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/185/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/185/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/185/2/"
---

When I came to, I was lying in a hospital bed. I glanced outside the ward where Asher was on the phone with Adeline. I smirked bitterly and pulled out my phone to make a call.

"I've decided. I want to join the International Rescue Station with you."

"And I need you to arrange a fake death service for me."

The man on the phone chuckled. "Alright, leave it to me."

I didn't say much more, simply sending over my personal information.

"Cora, what are you thinking about? The doctor said your miscarriage was due to excessive grief."

"Here, have some porridge. I made it especially for you."

Asher approached, offering a bowl of porridge. I placed my hand on my abdomen, tears falling unbidden. My mom's body wasn't even cold yet, and my baby was gone too. The pain in my heart was overwhelming.

"Asher, from age three to thirty, we've been together long enough."

I didn't look up to take the porridge, just spoke in a low tone. Asher's hand holding the porridge shook slightly. He seemed very displeased with my words, gripping my chin angrily.

"Cora, don't be like this. I don't like it. We can have another child."

"Besides, Addie's due soon. Once the baby is born, we'll register it under your name."

Forced to look up at him, I couldn't say anything. Maybe my gaze was too calm, so Asher let go of me, leaving with just one sentence.

"Cora, don't overthink. Once you're discharged, we can start trying for another baby."

I laughed, then cried while laughing. Asher was always like this, never understanding what I said, or maybe he just didn't want to. I said nothing, closing my eyes in exhaustion. The image of my mother jumping off the building kept replaying in my mind. I forced myself to endure the pain and completed the discharge procedures.

In an abandoned factory, I found my mother's body. Looking at her waterlogged, pale form, I could no longer suppress my grief. Ignoring the stench, I cradled her face. In my memory, her kind smile seemed like it was just yesterday. Thunder and lightning roared in the sky, echoing the trembling of my heart.

After a long while, I stood in front of Old Mr. Asher, holding my mother's urn. "Uncle Asher, I can't fulfill what I promised you."

When Mrs. Asher committed suicide, Old Mr. Asher asked me to hide the truth about her death. He feared Asher couldn't handle the truth. I wanted to refuse and tell Asher the truth directly. But my mom softened, admitting she had seduced Uncle Asher. Now, because of that well-intentioned lie, she was gone forever.

Old Mr. Asher looked at the urn in my hands, regretting and crying. "Cora, it's Uncle, I'm sorry for you both. Here is twenty percent of Asher Group's shares, as compensation."

I didn't refuse, taking the share transfer document and leaving.