---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
novel_index: "/novels/185/"
chapter_number: 4
next_chapter: "/novels/185/more/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/185/3/"
---

I returned to The Asher Family, worn out and carrying my mother's urn.

"Since you're discharged, go make some soup for Addie."

Asher was surprised to see me, then commanded. I looked at him with a mocking smile, "Asher, you can't control me anymore."

My words left Asher confused, panic flashing in his eyes.

"Oh, sis, where did you get that box? Is it a gift for me and the baby?" Imogen's proud voice rang out as she snatched the urn from my hands. The last thread in my heart snapped, and I lunged at her.

"Give me back my stuff."

Imogen shrieked, hiding behind Asher. "West, I just took a worthless box. Sis is so stingy."

Asher frowned, looking at me with a stern voice. "Enough. It's just a worthless box. Is there a need to fight over it?"

"Asher, do you know what's inside?" I said painfully.

But Asher dismissed it with a sneer, "Who cares what's inside? If Addie likes it, you should give it to her."

My blood froze, and I slapped Asher across the face. "That's my mom's urn. Do you understand an urn?"

Asher was stunned, disbelief in his eyes as he looked at me. "Cora, you hit me..."

His eyes showed a hint of hurt, but I had no energy for more argument. Just as I moved to retrieve the urn, Imogen tossed it into the sewer.

"Oh, sorry, sis, my hand slipped." She turned, looking at me proudly, madness in her eyes.

I froze, staring at her face. A fierce hatred surged, beyond my control. "Go to hell." I lunged at Imogen, choking her.

Imogen didn't expect my boldness, trying to resist. But I pinned her down. "Imogen, I told you I didn't want to fight you. Why couldn't you leave me alone?"

Seeing I was about to choke Imogen into unconsciousness, Asher finally reacted. He yanked my hair, pulling me off her.

"Enough, Cora, are you insane? Claiming a worthless box is an urn."

"A few days ago, I saw your mom at the camp with two new boyfriends. So promiscuous, even with dementia, she can't stop chasing men."

I broke down, crouching and sobbing, love and hate merging in a flash. I've never hated Asher more than at this moment. Not even when he sent me to an African refugee camp on a whim from Imogen.

In the camp, I lived a life worse than death. Any man could take advantage of me. I always fantasized Asher would look back at me. But now, that dream shattered. Mom was gone, too.

Seeing my extreme sadness, Asher tried to help me up, but Imogen's pitiful voice interrupted. "West, I think I'm going into labor."

Asher immediately released me. "Addie, don't be afraid. I'll get you to the hospital."

In a rush, he picked up the crying Imogen and hurried to the hospital, not forgetting to warn me before leaving. "You better pray Addie and her baby are okay."

I laughed sarcastically. "Then wish her and the baby well!"

After composing myself, I retrieved my mom's urn from the sewer. I calmly packed my things and set fire to what I couldn't take. Then, with Remy, I boarded a plane to Ireland.

Asher sent me a message with a photo of Imogen and the safe baby. "Cora, our future child will be even cuter."

I removed the SIM card and tossed it in the trash. On the other side, holding the baby, Asher felt an inexplicable agitation. After handing the baby to a nurse, he anxiously dialed my number. But all he got was an unconnected message.

At that moment, Old Mr. Asher stormed over, slapping Asher hard. "You disgrace, how long will you keep this up?"

Asher scoffed, "Did Cora complain to you again?"

Old Mr. Asher sighed, closing his eyes in pain. "Asher, things weren't as you thought. You hurt Cora wrongly."

He handed Asher an agreement, his hands trembling. Asher took it, confused, and glanced at it. The next second, he was stunned, looking at Old Mr. Asher in a panic. "How is this possible? Is Cora conspiring with you to deceive me again?"