---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/129/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/129/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

"Are you sure you want to marry Zachary?" Lucas's mother asked, somewhat reluctantly.

I calmly exchanged marriage documents with her, and after confirming that Zachary's name was on them, I smiled gently: "I'm sure, Aunt."

Lucas's mother tried to persuade me again:

"The fortune teller said Zachary won't live past thirty. You..."

"Aria, even if Lucas doesn't agree to the arranged marriage, you don't have to choose a husband from the Lu family."

In my previous life, Zachary did indeed die at thirty. His mother fainted from crying, and his father aged years in a single night.

Everyone lamented his passing.

He was brilliant, becoming the head of the Lu family at such a young age.

His frail body housed the most determined heart. Before he died, I had intended to see him one last time.

But I heard him say: "I like Aria Young."

"She doesn't need to know anything I've done. I just want her to be happy."

He said not all love needs to be spoken, not all love requires reciprocation.

So much so that year after year, except for his assistant, no one knew. He hid his love so deep that I never noticed a hint of it until the last moment he left this world full of regret.

So, even if it was just for that "like."

I wanted to help him, at least not let him die with regrets again.

After a long pause, I smiled and gently patted the back of her hand.

I reassured her: "Aunt, Zachary will live to be a hundred years old."