---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/129/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/129/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/129/1/"
---

After Lucas's mother left, my mother also came to ask me: "You're not just angry at Lucas, are you?"

She knew how much I liked Lucas. Childhood sweethearts, when I first fell in love, I couldn't see any other boy. I thought he felt the same way, but I never imagined it was just my one-sided love all along.

In my previous life, when Lucas and I got our marriage license, he told me:

"I've lived in calculations since childhood. I don't understand love and can't love, but I'll give you everything I can."

For five years of marriage, we were known in our circle as a talented and beautiful couple, a loving husband and wife.

So to maintain this marriage, I was willing to teach Lucas how to love me. I could even indulge his occasional willfulness.

Even his bedroom quirks, I could endure.

In my previous life, before we went to bed, Lucas would always hand me a blindfold or use a tie to cover my eyes. He said:

"Aria's eyes are too beautiful. I'm afraid I'll lose control and hurt you."

Each time, I would blush to the tips of my ears.

Later, there were once or twice when he forgot to cover my eyes. I was delighted to see his passionate expression, but he just coaxed me to change positions, then lovingly kissed my back bit by bit.

We almost never faced each other. I thought it was just Lucas's habit.

Until our fifth anniversary.

For the first time, I secretly removed the blindfold, only to accidentally discover the name tattooed on his lower back.

Humiliation and betrayal washed over me simultaneously.

At that moment, I felt like I had fallen into an ice pit.

I went crazy, smashing everything in the bedroom, grabbing an ashtray and throwing it at Lucas.

I hurled all sorts of vicious words at him, wishing he would die.

Cursing him to go to hell.

But this time around, I didn't want to do anything. I just wanted to stay away from him.

Thinking carefully.

Lucas did treat me well. He just didn't love me.