---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/427/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/427/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

Amber was my wife. She was a stunning beauty, a real knockout.

Soon after joining the company, she quickly climbed the corporate ladder. Three years ago, she left for an overseas assignment.

"Three years for a million dollars," she said. "When I come back, we'll be set for life."

Today was the day of her return. I took the day off specially to pick her up.

At the airport, I spotted her from afar.

After three years apart, my wife's figure had filled out a bit, which suited her well.

I waved to her, then noticed a woman in her 50s next to her, holding a baby.

As they got closer, Amber took the baby in her arms. I was stunned, then assumed she must be helping out. How kind of her.

"Honey!" I called out excitedly.

Amber walked over and handed the baby to the older woman. "You two go wait in the car first."

The baby started crying. The woman comforted him: "Don't cry, sweetie. Mommy will be back soon!"

I froze. Mommy?

I stared at Amber. "What did she mean by 'mommy'?"

Amber said grimly: "Jack, we need to talk."

She walked to the side and I hurried after her.

Up close, I noticed she smelled of baby powder. Her body also had the shape of a new mother.

"Amber, what's going on with that baby?"

"Don't tell me you were gone for 3 years and had a kid!"

Amber's face was cold. "You've seen it all. I won't lie to you. The baby is mine, but I'll explain everything."

"Go home first. I'll contact you after I wrap up some work stuff. That's all for now!"

Without another word, she turned and left.

I was dumbfounded. It took me a while to react and chase after her.

But I saw her being embraced by Eric as they got into a Mercedes.

Eric!

My heart sank.

Three years ago, Eric had also gone abroad on business. When he left, I'd given him some expensive gifts and asked him to look after Amber.

Looks like he took "looking after her" way too far!

I clenched my fists and drove back to the office.

With the baby, Amber would surely go home first. I didn't care which home - it certainly wasn't mine anymore!

Red-eyed with anger, I stormed into the office. I overheard some people gossiping in the break room.

"Amber got promoted as soon as she came back. Goes to show how being pretty helps your career!"

"More like she used her son to get ahead. Eric can't marry her officially, so he had to give her something!"

"Jack's pretty chill about it though. Doesn't seem to mind his wife being a surrogate!"

Hearing their words felt like a knife to the gut. They all knew Amber had hooked up with Eric abroad, and kept it from me!

I'd been played for a fool, left in the dark while joking with them about missing my wife.

I'd told Amber I wanted to visit her abroad, but she made excuses about it being inconvenient and a waste of time and money.

She'd pleaded: "Jack, I'm doing this for our future. Can't you just be patient?"

Patient? I'd waited faithfully for 3 years, only to get this result.

I cleared my throat. The group turned and saw me, their faces turning awkward.

"Jack, uh... came for some coffee?"

"Yeah, and to hear you guys gossip," I replied coldly.

One of them boldly said: "Hey Jack, it's really not a big deal. Most guys would kill for this chance!"

"You got your full salary these 3 years while your wife was making bank abroad. Now she's back as a director!"

"How's it feel? Got any tips to share?"

