---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/427/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/427/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/427/1/"
---


He looked at me smugly. I knew he'd never respected being on my team and slacked off constantly.

He was good at kissing ass though. Team 2 had asked for him, and I'd planned to transfer him at the end of the month. Now I realized I couldn't fire him anymore - might as well let him go early.

But before that, I had to put him in his place!

I smiled at the guy who spoke. "For a grown man, you sure love to gossip. You'd make a great busybody."

"You know, I do have some advice. Want to hear it?" to hear it?"

I beckoned him closer. He leaned in and I growled in his ear: "How about you strip naked and sell yourself, asshole!"

"What did you say?!"

I shrugged. "Isn't this the advice you wanted? Can't handle the truth?"

"Jack, you've got some nerve! Yeah, you're fine with being a kept man. The kid's not yours, but at least you've still got your wife! When Eric moves to HQ, you can have her pop out another one. Two for one deal!"

The group burst out laughing. I snapped and punched him, pinning him to the ground.

This chicken-legged punk was no match for my fists. He wailed and begged for mercy. The others watched and laughed at first, but when they saw I was really going to town on him, they rushed to pull us apart.

I shook out my hand. "Who's the kept man now, loser?"

"Jack, I'm calling the cops!"

"Go ahead!"

Just then, Eric showed up. "What's all this commotion about? Who's calling the cops?"

"Mr. Cui, Jack beat me up! Look what he did to me!"

Eric glared at me. "Jack, what's wrong with you? This is a workplace, not a boxing ring!"

"Your performance bonus is getting docked this month!"

Mike sneered. "Jack, I won't press charges. Just pay me $5000 and we're good."

I laughed. "Sure, go ahead and call the cops. I recorded your trash talk earlier. If this gets out, none of us will look good!"

Mike was about to explode but Eric held him back. "Enough! Everyone get back to work. Adults need to take responsibility for their actions. Mike, come with me."

Mike stormed off angrily with Eric. I looked around coldly at the group. "Anyone else want to gossip behind my back? This is what you'll get!"

"Jack, aren't you afraid of getting fired?"

"Yeah, you're being pretty cocky!"

I shrugged. "What's there to be afraid of? Worst case, I find a new job. I'm not worried - can you guys say the same in this economy?"

That shut them up.

I may not brag, but my skills speak for themselves.

To be honest, I would never have joined this company if Amber hadn't insisted.

In 5 years, my performance was outstanding. We all knew how Amber got her management position.

At first she was grateful, but over time she started believing it was all her own merit.

No rush. I wanted to see what they were really thinking.

When Mike came out half an hour later, HR was with him, watching him pack up his desk. I was surprised.

"Listen up everyone. From now on, anyone who harasses or provokes others at work will be fired immediately!"

"Mike is the example!"

Everyone turned to look at me. My heart sank. They were doing this on purpose!

As Mike passed me, he sneered: "Jack, you sold out your wife to get ahead. You disgust me!"

