---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 10"
novel_index: "/novels/179/"
chapter_number: 10
next_chapter: "/novels/179/11/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/179/9/"
---

Ignoring Adeline's intentions didn't work. She spoke softly, "Hazel, I really admire your thick skin. After all this, you still shamelessly stick around Jasper."

I paused and looked back at her, my gaze firm. "Aren't you the shameless one? When Jasper was a poor kid, you chose to go abroad and abandon him. Now that he's powerful, you come running back."

She sneered, "So what? As long as I beckon, he comes running like a puppy."

She coldly replied, "If I were you, I'd wisely choose to divorce. At least that way, you'd get a decent settlement."

"What if I don't want a divorce?" I challenged her. "As long as I don't divorce, you'll always be the secret affair."

Her expression changed, and she snapped, "The once high and mighty lady now enjoys being a hidden mistress."

Saying this, she raised her hand to slap me. I quickly grabbed her hand, but she showed a satisfied grin. The next moment, she deliberately fell backward, tumbling down the stairs.

"Adeline!" Jasper rushed over, shoving me aside harshly, and my forehead hit the railing. Trembling, I touched my forehead, and the sight of blood stung my eyes.

Jasper picked up Adeline, his gaze colder than ever. "If anything happens to Adeline, I'll make you pay a hundredfold."

"Jasper!" I called to him, enduring the pain. "There are cameras here."

He paused but still left with Adeline in his arms.

I went home alone, hastily bandaging my forehead.

Late at night, Jasper returned and slipped into bed, bringing a chill that made me shiver. "Adeline's fine. It's just that her foot injury from a few days ago worsened from falling down the stairs today.

She might need to stay in the hospital a bit longer," he said casually, his hand wandering on me.

I smelled perfume on him and felt a sudden wave of nausea. With Adeline in the hospital, unable to fulfill his needs, he sought me instead. Just as I was about to push him away, the phone rang, breaking the silence.

I answered it, frozen by the news on the other end. The thunder outside crashed down at that moment, and the rain that had brewed all day poured down, as if weeping for my plight.