---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 6"
novel_index: "/novels/179/"
chapter_number: 6
next_chapter: "/novels/179/7/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/179/5/"
---

Adeline was holding a stack of documents, surprised: "What's going on?"

Jasper's tone was gentle: "Hazel's stomach issue flared up, I'm taking her to the hospital, I'll deal with anything else when I get back."

Seeing Adeline's gloomy face, I felt strangely satisfied, and my stomach seemed less painful. I snuggled into his arms.

As soon as we got into Jasper's car, I sensed something was off.

The car was filled with cute decorations, and on the floor were crumbs, like potato chip bits.

Jasper never allowed anyone to eat in his car. Once, I just ate a piece of candy, and he was displeased.

Let alone putting so many decorations in his car; I once placed a clay figure I made myself, and he threw it in the trash, saying, "It's an eyesore."

I sniffed and took out a small bread from my bag, but before I could open it, Jasper grabbed my hand, frowning: "Eat it outside."

"I'm so hungry, I promise I won't mess up the car." I pleaded with him.

He insisted: "Eat outside."

Maybe my stomach hurt too much, my eyes reddened, and my voice sharpened: "I want to eat now! If Adeline can eat in your car, why can't I?"

Jasper's gaze turned cold: "She was signing a contract with me, hadn't eaten all day, and her low blood sugar acted up. At that time, you were at home, sleeping, playing on your phone, tending to flowers."

"Why do you think you can't?" he questioned me.

I opened my mouth but couldn't say anything.

When Jasper's company was just starting, I followed him everywhere for business and investments.

At banquets, high-proof liquor was poured down my throat, leaving me with permanent stomach issues.

As the company gradually improved, I wanted to work there, but Jasper's mother stopped me:

"A woman shouldn't be out in public all the time."

So I gave up my career to stay home full-time.

My heart and mind were all for Jasper.

Unexpectedly, this became his reason for thinking I was inferior to Adeline now.