---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
novel_index: "/novels/473/"
chapter_number: 1
next_chapter: "/novels/473/2/"
previous_chapter: ""
---

It was like a sudden clap of thunder; we both just froze.
"No, no, no! I mean, can we *be* friends? Not *do*… Why would I say something like that? I…"
Ugh, explaining only makes it worse. I was just digging myself deeper. Oh no, I sounded like a pervert!
Rhys reached out and took my hand. His palm was large and strong, warm and solid.
He looked at me, serious and sincere. "You don't really know me yet. The truth is, I…"
"I know." I understood his awkwardness. He still hadn't paid me back for that dinner in Miami. And after that, whenever we went out, I always rushed to pay.
Sigh, I guess the heavens are fair. They gave him perfect looks but made his life so… poor.
"I'll support you." I was serious. More real than pure gold.
From the very first moment I saw him, I was utterly captivated.
I'm a total sucker for a pretty face, and I guess that means I'm doomed to give my all.
Rhys’s eyes widened in surprise. His foxy eyes, usually so subtle, now popped wide open.
He probably didn't expect me to be so direct.
Maybe he needed to think about it. It was a big deal, after all.
My expression dimmed, and my heart sank.
To be honest, I wasn't rich either. With me, he'd have food and clothes, but it was far from a life of luxury.
The next second, my chin was gently lifted, and his soft lips pressed against mine.
Between whispered kisses, Rhys chuckled softly. "It's a deal."
Once we started, there was no stopping us. It was like a fuse had been lit, and we just exploded.
The most important thing was how incredibly compatible we were, especially in bed.
Those eight-pack abs, in particular, were the death of me.
Just being in the same room felt like a commitment, and our eyes meeting was pure intimacy. Every day was hot and fiery.
As for going directly to the courthouse to get married later, I swear I wasn't the one who suggested it.
We didn't have a wedding. We just went out for a nice dinner together the night we got our marriage certificate.
The beginning was tough, but the rest was much smoother. Our lives together were sweeter than honey, so happy it made some people green with envy.
Like my best friend, Harper.
"Did you even listen to a word I said? You're a great girl, but why are you so clueless? Have you really thought this through? You're going to support him for life?" Harper scolded me too.
I nodded. "For life." The words themselves sounded happy.
Harper waved her hand, telling me to get lost.
"Alright, I'm going. Talk later!" I grabbed my bag and blew her a kiss.
"Violet Hayes, mark my words, one day he'll drain you dry."
I took my best friend's "blessing."
No, thanks! Hope neither of us ever ends up like that.

