---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/117/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/117/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/117/1/"
---

After the interruption, Declan's expression turned angry: "Just because of a torn dress?" "Asher is only 8 years old; he's still a child!"

"You're supposed to be his mother. I haven't asked what you've done in these eight years to make him hate you so much.

And you have the nerve to throw a tantrum?" Mother? How am I even qualified? I'm not even his lover; just a surrogate tool, something to satisfy his needs.

There are too many who could replace me. Back then, he was engaged to me but fell for my foster sister Adeline. He declared that even if I was found, he would only marry her.

Declan arranged a grand proposal, pledging eternal love amidst everyone's blessings. But later, Adeline suddenly died in a drunk driving accident.

My parents didn't want to give up the alliance with the Thompson family. Seeing Declan's deep sorrow, they came up with the plan to send me into the Thompson household. I had suffered abuse from my adoptive parents, nearly losing my sight.

So my mother had Adeline's corneas transplanted to me. Declan was obsessed with Adeline and wanted a child related to her. Because of my eyes, he agreed to take me in.

We agreed that I would stay with him for eight years, raising Asher, and then I could leave. No wedding dress, no ceremony, not even a marriage certificate.

From beginning to end, no one asked if I was willing. I lowered my eyes and said calmly, "I'm not throwing a tantrum."

"We agreed on eight years from the start." "Staying with you without a name or status also delays you from finding someone new.

" Declan relaxed his brows, his tense body also easing a lot: "Nora.

" He sighed, gently coaxing: "You're making a fuss just to get a title, right?" "If you're obedient, this time, if you give me a son, I might consider marrying you."

"No." As a child, I was abused by my foster parents, not even getting enough to eat.

After being found, I was like air in the Carter family, just a tool for use. I've never been loved. How could I bear to bring a child into this world to suffer? I stepped back, taking out a prepared document from my bag.

"I've organized all the recipes on a USB drive." "Asher's preferences, study progress, extracurricular arrangements, I've detailed everything." "Asher has grown, and now he hates me so much. Staying would only affect his growth."

"You should find a good tutor to teach him." Declan grabbed my chin, cracks appearing in his gentle facade: "Nora Carter, since when do you get to decide?"

He took the USB drive and smashed it against the wall, shattering it, pieces scattering everywhere.

His long fingers slowly tore the remaining papers. Expressionlessly, he said: "Don't test my patience." "For raising Asher and for your eyes, I'll let this go."

"When you get back, close the online store. You can't leave the house this month!" He opened the door, coldly instructing his subordinates: "Send her home immediately. Keep a close watch on her."

On the way home, we passed a park where many parents were flying kites with their children. The kites seemed to soar into the high sky, but they were always tethered by a thin string.

Before being sent to the Thompson home, my mom took me to a beauty salon to undergo procedures to resemble Adeline's face.

She instructed me on all of Adeline's preferences, including her clothing style, favorite perfume, and foods she loved. I looked at the increasingly unfamiliar reflection in the mirror.

Mom stood behind me, placing a jade bracelet on my wrist: "This was Adeline's. Wear it to remind yourself what got you into the Thompson family."

"Don't feel wronged. The Thompson family is worth billions. Many would do anything to be by his side." "Remember, this is your leverage to stand firm in that family."

"Once you become Mrs. Thompson, you'll thank me." I was obedient, mimicking Adeline's every move.

Declan was pleased with me over the years. That's why he allowed me to start my online store and design. But a fake can never become real. Charity can be easily withdrawn. ...

I was just about to head upstairs.

A bucket of dirty water fell from above; Asher stood on the steps, laughing wildly: "Nora Carter, does my pee smell good?"

"If you don't leave my house, next time I'll make you eat shit, believe it or not!" Covered in filth, the servants all stood aside, watching the show.

He was very proud of his prank, forgetting all the teachings I had given him. When my mom visited during my postpartum period, she said: "Even if he's not your blood, you carried him. Raise him well, and you'll reap good in your old age."

The moment I held the tiny baby in my arms, my heart softened completely. In the ordinary, mundane times, I had an unwarranted hope. Now, the falsehoods have ended.

It's all become empty.