---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
novel_index: "/novels/434/"
chapter_number: 2
next_chapter: "/novels/434/3/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/434/1/"
---

"You bitch..."

Olivia's mind exploded, her blood running cold.

She grabbed Chloe and threw her to the ground, pouncing on her without hesitation.

Her fists rained down on Chloe's face, not even noticing when one of Chloe's teeth became embedded in her hand.

It was only then that Marcus reacted, rushing over to pull Olivia off Chloe.

"Olivia, you've really gone mad! What gives you the right to suddenly attack someone?!"

Marcus glared at her with rage, seemingly about to hit her, but Chloe began gasping for air at that moment. Marcus hurriedly checked on her condition.

I took this opportunity to crawl back to my wheelchair, rush to the table, and grab the last vial of epinephrine, intending to leave the room.

But due to my disability, just as I was about to rush out the door, Marcus closed it before me and then kicked my wheelchair.

The wheelchair toppled, and I rolled to the side like a bag of garbage, still clutching the life-saving epinephrine for my son.

Marcus rushed over, using the heel of his shoe to step on my hand, grinding down hard. His voice was agitated: "Seeing Chloe's asthma attack, you still want to steal this last life-saving medicine. Olivia, how can you be so vicious!"

I endured the pain in my hand, struggling in vain. I clearly saw Chloe gasping for air, but she opened her eyes and flashed me a smug smile.

I begged Marcus: "Marcus, this is also Ethan's life-saving medicine... Chloe... she's faking it, she's not really having an attack..."

But Marcus didn't even look back, the pressure from his foot increasing: "Still lying! Ethan inherited his father's good constitution, what life-saving medicine does he need?! I know Chloe's condition, what benefit would she get from deceiving me?!"

"If you've really gone crazy, I'll send you to a mental hospital tomorrow!"

Marcus's heel had dug into the back of my hand, blood oozing out, but I couldn't feel any pain.

Not satisfied, he raised his foot and delivered a sharp kick to my abdomen with the pointed toe of his shoe.

My whole body curled up like a shrimp, and I finally let go of my tight grip.

To help Marcus's company go public, I had worked tirelessly day and night, eventually developing a severe stomach condition.

Back then, whenever my stomach pain was unbearable, he would personally make a bowl of hot porridge and feed it to me with tears in his eyes.

But now, it had become a weak point for him to attack.

Marcus bent down to pick up the epinephrine.

Though it was within reach, my outstretched hand was in vain. Looking at the hand he had stomped on, he seemed to hesitate for a moment.

But as Chloe's gasping became more urgent, he resolutely stood up and walked over to her.

Before injecting Chloe, Marcus turned to me and spoke with ice-cold words: "Olivia, remember this. If Ethan really is in critical condition as you say."

He continued speaking as he injected the medicine into Chloe's leg: "Even if Ethan dies, it's all because of you."

At this point, I couldn't even let out a cry of anguish.

Ignoring my despair, I forced myself through the pain to climb back into my wheelchair and leave the ICU.

Maybe... maybe there was still time to transfer Ethan to another hospital...

But even though I rushed back to the ER as fast as I could, I only received news that tore my heart to shreds.

Ethan was dead.

He died a few minutes ago, just as Marcus was injecting the last dose of epinephrine into Chloe.

His eyes were bulging, the whites now stained dark brown by burst blood vessels, staring fixedly at the ceiling.

His entire face had turned blue from prolonged suffocation.

I hesitated for a long time before daring to acknowledge this was my son. Helplessly rolling off my wheelchair onto the floor, I let out an agonized wail.

......

I followed the gurney covered with a white sheet being pushed out of the ER towards the morgue in a daze.

Looking up, I saw Marcus walking towards me. He passed right by the gurney and came to push my wheelchair.

His tone was soft, with an indescribable gentleness: "It wasn't easy for Chloe to raise Rose alone as a single mother, and they both have serious illnesses."

"Taking care of them more, maybe it's because my sympathy got the better of me. If it caused you any distress, it really wasn't my intention..."

For a moment, I had the illusion that we had returned to years ago, when we were deeply in love.

Marcus paused, then continued: "Ethan... I remember his grades were pretty good, right? I'll hold a more grand celebration for him in a few days for his college admission. After all, he's our dearest son."

But this sentence was like a bucket of cold water, instantly waking me up.

I turned my head to look at him, forcing a bitter smile: "Marcus, there's no need for a celebration. Ethan... he's already dead."

I raised my hand to point at the gurney in front, coldly telling him: "He's right there, you can go take a look..."

Marcus suddenly stopped, walked in front of me with a furrowed brow as if wanting to say something, but seeing the expression on my face, he turned and walked towards the gurney.

He slowly reached out to grab the white sheet, just about to lift it when Chloe's voice suddenly rang out: "Marcus, you left your phone with me. Ethan sent you a message, seems like he's asking what you want for dinner, says he'll cook for you."

I looked up at Chloe with surprise on my face, my hand unconsciously reaching for the inside pocket of my jacket.

Ethan's phone was quietly lying there.

Before I could speak, Marcus had already walked in front of me and slapped me hard: "Olivia, I really fell for your tricks. I almost believed Ethan was dead."

"How many times have you lied to me about Ethan? That's your own son, is it necessary to curse him dead like this!"