---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
novel_index: "/novels/562/"
chapter_number: 3
next_chapter: "/novels/562/4/"
previous_chapter: "/novels/562/2/"
---


Just as I finished speaking, the office door suddenly opened and Jason walked in.

"Uncle Ethan..."

Jason's voice abruptly stopped. I quickly averted my gaze, lowering my head in embarrassment as my ears slowly turned red.

"Aria, why are you here?"

The strange atmosphere made Jason sense something was off. His tone was somewhat accusatory. "Why didn't you wait for me outside?"

"I told her to come in and wait for you," Ethan said, putting down the lunch box and turning to look at Jason with a cold expression. "Where were you during work hours?"

"I... I went to the bathroom," Jason mumbled vaguely. He looked at the half-eaten lunch box on Ethan's desk, and that inexplicable anger inside him rose up. For once, he gave his uncle a cold look.

"Uncle Ethan, you ate my lunch."

"No, yours is right here." I took out the other lunch box and handed it to Jason. Jason opened it and saw that his carrots were cut into heart shapes, while Ethan's were just dog shapes. He let out a satisfied little huff.

"Aria, let's not disturb Uncle Ethan's lunch." With that, Jason took my hand and led me out of Ethan's office.

After we left, Ethan picked up his chopsticks again and looked down at the little dog-shaped carrots in the lunch box. The more he looked, the more annoyed he felt. He ended up throwing them in the trash.

Outside the office, Tiffany came to greet us.

"Jason, you're so lucky! Why don't I ever get to eat Aria's homemade lunches?" Tiffany said teasingly.

I coldly observed the number 204 above Tiffany's head and the 31 above Jason's, inwardly sneering.

At some point, Tiffany had started calling Jason by his first name instead of "that guy."

Now I realized I'd noticed too late - they'd been hooking up for a while.

Tiffany had gotten her job at the company through my recommendation.

It seems I'd invited the wolf into our home.

"The lunch isn't a big deal. Soon enough, you might be eating at our wedding," I said happily, looking at Jason.

Jason's eyes suddenly lit up. "Aria, you've agreed to marry me?"

"We'll see how you behave," I said lightly. "I have to get back to the hospital for work, so I can't stay for lunch. Tiffany can keep you company."

With that, I turned and left, ignoring Jason's elated expression and Tiffany's pale face behind me.

The show was just beginning. I couldn't bear to end it so quickly.

That evening, Jason came home two hours later than usual.

I sat on the couch reviewing some medical files while waiting for him. I heard him open the door.

"Honey, I'm exhausted..."

Jason looked refreshed but acted worn out as he collapsed into my arms, hugging me and mumbling complaints. I gently stroked his hair, glancing at the number above his head out of the corner of my eye.

